<div id="header">

= CHCS API =

<div id="toc" class="toc2">

<div id="toctitle">

Table of Contents

</div>
* [[#_overview|1. Overview]]
** [[#_version_information|1.1. Version information]]
** [[#_contact_information|1.2. Contact information]]
** [[#_license_information|1.3. License information]]
** [[#_uri_scheme|1.4. URI scheme]]
* [[#_paths|2. Resources]]
** [[#_patient-controller_resource|2.1. Patient-controller]]
*** [[#_findall_1|2.1.1. findAll]]
*** [[#_findbyien_1|2.1.2. findByIen]]
* [[#_paths|3. Resources]]
** [[#_conformance-controller_resource|3.1. Conformance-controller]]
*** [[#_getmetadata|3.1.1. getMetadata]]
* [[#_paths|4. Resources]]
** [[#_observation-controller_resource|4.1. Observation-controller]]
*** [[#_findallbypatient_1|4.1.1. findAllByPatient]]
* [[#_paths|5. Resources]]
** [[#_medication-order-controller_resource|5.1. Medication-order-controller]]
*** [[#_createmedicationorder|5.1.1. createMedicationOrder]]
*** [[#_findallbypatient|5.1.2. findAllByPatient]]
*** [[#_findbyien|5.1.3. findByIen]]
* [[#_paths|6. Resources]]
** [[#_device-metric-controller_resource|6.1. Device-metric-controller]]
*** [[#_findall|6.1.1. findAll]]
* [[#_paths|7. Resources]]
** [[#_object-controller_resource|7.1. Object-controller]]
*** [[#_getobject|7.1.1. getObject]]
* [[#_definitions|8. Definitions]]
** [[#_account|8.1. Account]]
** [[#_accountstatus|8.2. AccountStatus]]
** [[#_actionlist|8.3. ActionList]]
** [[#_address|8.4. Address]]
** [[#_addresstype|8.5. AddressType]]
** [[#_addressuse|8.6. AddressUse]]
** [[#_age|8.7. Age]]
** [[#_aggregationmode|8.8. AggregationMode]]
** [[#_allergyintolerance|8.9. AllergyIntolerance]]
** [[#_allergyintolerancecategory|8.10. AllergyIntoleranceCategory]]
** [[#_allergyintolerancecertainty|8.11. AllergyIntoleranceCertainty]]
** [[#_allergyintolerancecriticality|8.12. AllergyIntoleranceCriticality]]
** [[#_allergyintolerancereaction|8.13. AllergyIntoleranceReaction]]
** [[#_allergyintoleranceseverity|8.14. AllergyIntoleranceSeverity]]
** [[#_allergyintolerancestatus|8.15. AllergyIntoleranceStatus]]
** [[#_allergyintolerancetype|8.16. AllergyIntoleranceType]]
** [[#_annotation|8.17. Annotation]]
** [[#_answerformat|8.18. AnswerFormat]]
** [[#_appointment|8.19. Appointment]]
** [[#_appointmentparticipant|8.20. AppointmentParticipant]]
** [[#_appointmentresponse|8.21. AppointmentResponse]]
** [[#_appointmentstatus|8.22. AppointmentStatus]]
** [[#_assertiondirectiontype|8.23. AssertionDirectionType]]
** [[#_assertionoperatortype|8.24. AssertionOperatorType]]
** [[#_assertionresponsetypes|8.25. AssertionResponseTypes]]
** [[#_attachment|8.26. Attachment]]
** [[#_auditevent|8.27. AuditEvent]]
** [[#_auditeventaction|8.28. AuditEventAction]]
** [[#_auditeventdetail|8.29. AuditEventDetail]]
** [[#_auditeventevent|8.30. AuditEventEvent]]
** [[#_auditeventnetwork|8.31. AuditEventNetwork]]
** [[#_auditeventobject|8.32. AuditEventObject]]
** [[#_auditeventoutcome|8.33. AuditEventOutcome]]
** [[#_auditeventparticipant|8.34. AuditEventParticipant]]
** [[#_auditeventparticipantnetworktype|8.35. AuditEventParticipantNetworkType]]
** [[#_auditeventsource|8.36. AuditEventSource]]
** [[#_base64binary|8.37. Base64Binary]]
** [[#_basic|8.38. Basic]]
** [[#_binary|8.39. Binary]]
** [[#_bindingstrength|8.40. BindingStrength]]
** [[#_bodysite|8.41. BodySite]]
** [[#_boolean|8.42. Boolean]]
** [[#_bundle|8.43. Bundle]]
** [[#_bundleentry|8.44. BundleEntry]]
** [[#_bundlelink|8.45. BundleLink]]
** [[#_bundlerequest|8.46. BundleRequest]]
** [[#_bundleresponse|8.47. BundleResponse]]
** [[#_bundlesearch|8.48. BundleSearch]]
** [[#_bundletype|8.49. BundleType]]
** [[#_careplan|8.50. CarePlan]]
** [[#_careplanactivity|8.51. CarePlanActivity]]
** [[#_careplanactivitystatus|8.52. CarePlanActivityStatus]]
** [[#_careplandetail|8.53. CarePlanDetail]]
** [[#_careplanparticipant|8.54. CarePlanParticipant]]
** [[#_careplanrelatedplan|8.55. CarePlanRelatedPlan]]
** [[#_careplanrelationship|8.56. CarePlanRelationship]]
** [[#_careplanstatus|8.57. CarePlanStatus]]
** [[#_claim|8.58. Claim]]
** [[#_claimcoverage|8.59. ClaimCoverage]]
** [[#_claimdetail|8.60. ClaimDetail]]
** [[#_claimdiagnosis|8.61. ClaimDiagnosis]]
** [[#_claimitem|8.62. ClaimItem]]
** [[#_claimmissingteeth|8.63. ClaimMissingTeeth]]
** [[#_claimpayee|8.64. ClaimPayee]]
** [[#_claimprosthesis|8.65. ClaimProsthesis]]
** [[#_claimresponse|8.66. ClaimResponse]]
** [[#_claimresponseadditem|8.67. ClaimResponseAddItem]]
** [[#_claimresponseadjudication|8.68. ClaimResponseAdjudication]]
** [[#_claimresponseadjudication1|8.69. ClaimResponseAdjudication1]]
** [[#_claimresponseadjudication2|8.70. ClaimResponseAdjudication2]]
** [[#_claimresponseadjudication3|8.71. ClaimResponseAdjudication3]]
** [[#_claimresponseadjudication4|8.72. ClaimResponseAdjudication4]]
** [[#_claimresponsecoverage|8.73. ClaimResponseCoverage]]
** [[#_claimresponsedetail|8.74. ClaimResponseDetail]]
** [[#_claimresponsedetail1|8.75. ClaimResponseDetail1]]
** [[#_claimresponseerror|8.76. ClaimResponseError]]
** [[#_claimresponseitem|8.77. ClaimResponseItem]]
** [[#_claimresponsenote|8.78. ClaimResponseNote]]
** [[#_claimresponsesubdetail|8.79. ClaimResponseSubDetail]]
** [[#_claimsubdetail|8.80. ClaimSubDetail]]
** [[#_claimtype|8.81. ClaimType]]
** [[#_clinicalimpression|8.82. ClinicalImpression]]
** [[#_clinicalimpressionfinding|8.83. ClinicalImpressionFinding]]
** [[#_clinicalimpressioninvestigations|8.84. ClinicalImpressionInvestigations]]
** [[#_clinicalimpressionruledout|8.85. ClinicalImpressionRuledOut]]
** [[#_clinicalimpressionstatus|8.86. ClinicalImpressionStatus]]
** [[#_code|8.87. Code]]
** [[#_codeableconcept|8.88. CodeableConcept]]
** [[#_coding|8.89. Coding]]
** [[#_communication|8.90. Communication]]
** [[#_communicationpayload|8.91. CommunicationPayload]]
** [[#_communicationrequest|8.92. CommunicationRequest]]
** [[#_communicationrequestpayload|8.93. CommunicationRequestPayload]]
** [[#_communicationrequeststatus|8.94. CommunicationRequestStatus]]
** [[#_communicationstatus|8.95. CommunicationStatus]]
** [[#_composition|8.96. Composition]]
** [[#_compositionattestationmode|8.97. CompositionAttestationMode]]
** [[#_compositionattester|8.98. CompositionAttester]]
** [[#_compositionevent|8.99. CompositionEvent]]
** [[#_compositionsection|8.100. CompositionSection]]
** [[#_compositionstatus|8.101. CompositionStatus]]
** [[#_conceptmap|8.102. ConceptMap]]
** [[#_conceptmapcontact|8.103. ConceptMapContact]]
** [[#_conceptmapdependson|8.104. ConceptMapDependsOn]]
** [[#_conceptmapelement|8.105. ConceptMapElement]]
** [[#_conceptmaptarget|8.106. ConceptMapTarget]]
** [[#_condition|8.107. Condition]]
** [[#_conditionevidence|8.108. ConditionEvidence]]
** [[#_conditionstage|8.109. ConditionStage]]
** [[#_conditionverificationstatus|8.110. ConditionVerificationStatus]]
** [[#_conditionaldeletestatus|8.111. ConditionalDeleteStatus]]
** [[#_conformance|8.112. Conformance]]
** [[#_conformancecertificate|8.113. ConformanceCertificate]]
** [[#_conformancecontact|8.114. ConformanceContact]]
** [[#_conformancedocument|8.115. ConformanceDocument]]
** [[#_conformanceendpoint|8.116. ConformanceEndpoint]]
** [[#_conformanceevent|8.117. ConformanceEvent]]
** [[#_conformanceeventmode|8.118. ConformanceEventMode]]
** [[#_conformanceimplementation|8.119. ConformanceImplementation]]
** [[#_conformanceinteraction|8.120. ConformanceInteraction]]
** [[#_conformanceinteraction1|8.121. ConformanceInteraction1]]
** [[#_conformancemessaging|8.122. ConformanceMessaging]]
** [[#_conformanceoperation|8.123. ConformanceOperation]]
** [[#_conformanceresource|8.124. ConformanceResource]]
** [[#_conformancerest|8.125. ConformanceRest]]
** [[#_conformancesearchparam|8.126. ConformanceSearchParam]]
** [[#_conformancesecurity|8.127. ConformanceSecurity]]
** [[#_conformancesoftware|8.128. ConformanceSoftware]]
** [[#_conformancestatementkind|8.129. ConformanceStatementKind]]
** [[#_constraintseverity|8.130. ConstraintSeverity]]
** [[#_contactpoint|8.131. ContactPoint]]
** [[#_contactpointsystem|8.132. ContactPointSystem]]
** [[#_contactpointuse|8.133. ContactPointUse]]
** [[#_contenttype|8.134. ContentType]]
** [[#_contract|8.135. Contract]]
** [[#_contractactor|8.136. ContractActor]]
** [[#_contractactor1|8.137. ContractActor1]]
** [[#_contractfriendly|8.138. ContractFriendly]]
** [[#_contractlegal|8.139. ContractLegal]]
** [[#_contractrule|8.140. ContractRule]]
** [[#_contractsigner|8.141. ContractSigner]]
** [[#_contractterm|8.142. ContractTerm]]
** [[#_contractvalueditem|8.143. ContractValuedItem]]
** [[#_contractvalueditem1|8.144. ContractValuedItem1]]
** [[#_coverage|8.145. Coverage]]
** [[#_dataelement|8.146. DataElement]]
** [[#_dataelementcontact|8.147. DataElementContact]]
** [[#_dataelementmapping|8.148. DataElementMapping]]
** [[#_dataelementstringency|8.149. DataElementStringency]]
** [[#_date|8.150. Date]]
** [[#_datetime|8.151. DateTime]]
** [[#_daysofweek|8.152. DaysOfWeek]]
** [[#_decimal|8.153. Decimal]]
** [[#_detectedissue|8.154. DetectedIssue]]
** [[#_detectedissuemitigation|8.155. DetectedIssueMitigation]]
** [[#_detectedissueseverity|8.156. DetectedIssueSeverity]]
** [[#_device|8.157. Device]]
** [[#_devicecomponent|8.158. DeviceComponent]]
** [[#_devicecomponentproductionspecification|8.159. DeviceComponentProductionSpecification]]
** [[#_devicemetric|8.160. DeviceMetric]]
** [[#_devicemetriccalibration|8.161. DeviceMetricCalibration]]
** [[#_devicemetriccalibrationstate|8.162. DeviceMetricCalibrationState]]
** [[#_devicemetriccalibrationtype|8.163. DeviceMetricCalibrationType]]
** [[#_devicemetriccategory|8.164. DeviceMetricCategory]]
** [[#_devicemetriccolor|8.165. DeviceMetricColor]]
** [[#_devicemetricoperationalstatus|8.166. DeviceMetricOperationalStatus]]
** [[#_devicestatus|8.167. DeviceStatus]]
** [[#_deviceuserequest|8.168. DeviceUseRequest]]
** [[#_deviceuserequestpriority|8.169. DeviceUseRequestPriority]]
** [[#_deviceuserequeststatus|8.170. DeviceUseRequestStatus]]
** [[#_deviceusestatement|8.171. DeviceUseStatement]]
** [[#_diagnosticorder|8.172. DiagnosticOrder]]
** [[#_diagnosticorderevent|8.173. DiagnosticOrderEvent]]
** [[#_diagnosticorderitem|8.174. DiagnosticOrderItem]]
** [[#_diagnosticorderpriority|8.175. DiagnosticOrderPriority]]
** [[#_diagnosticorderstatus|8.176. DiagnosticOrderStatus]]
** [[#_diagnosticreport|8.177. DiagnosticReport]]
** [[#_diagnosticreportimage|8.178. DiagnosticReportImage]]
** [[#_diagnosticreportstatus|8.179. DiagnosticReportStatus]]
** [[#_digitalmediatype|8.180. DigitalMediaType]]
** [[#_div|8.181. Div]]
** [[#_documentmanifest|8.182. DocumentManifest]]
** [[#_documentmanifestcontent|8.183. DocumentManifestContent]]
** [[#_documentmanifestrelated|8.184. DocumentManifestRelated]]
** [[#_documentmode|8.185. DocumentMode]]
** [[#_documentreference|8.186. DocumentReference]]
** [[#_documentreferencecontent|8.187. DocumentReferenceContent]]
** [[#_documentreferencecontext|8.188. DocumentReferenceContext]]
** [[#_documentreferencerelated|8.189. DocumentReferenceRelated]]
** [[#_documentreferencerelatesto|8.190. DocumentReferenceRelatesTo]]
** [[#_documentrelationshiptype|8.191. DocumentRelationshipType]]
** [[#_duration|8.192. Duration]]
** [[#_elementdefinition|8.193. ElementDefinition]]
** [[#_elementdefinitionbase|8.194. ElementDefinitionBase]]
** [[#_elementdefinitionbinding|8.195. ElementDefinitionBinding]]
** [[#_elementdefinitionconstraint|8.196. ElementDefinitionConstraint]]
** [[#_elementdefinitionmapping|8.197. ElementDefinitionMapping]]
** [[#_elementdefinitionslicing|8.198. ElementDefinitionSlicing]]
** [[#_elementdefinitiontype|8.199. ElementDefinitionType]]
** [[#_eligibilityrequest|8.200. EligibilityRequest]]
** [[#_eligibilityresponse|8.201. EligibilityResponse]]
** [[#_encounter|8.202. Encounter]]
** [[#_encounterclass|8.203. EncounterClass]]
** [[#_encounterhospitalization|8.204. EncounterHospitalization]]
** [[#_encounterlocation|8.205. EncounterLocation]]
** [[#_encounterlocationstatus|8.206. EncounterLocationStatus]]
** [[#_encounterparticipant|8.207. EncounterParticipant]]
** [[#_encounterstate|8.208. EncounterState]]
** [[#_encounterstatushistory|8.209. EncounterStatusHistory]]
** [[#_enrollmentrequest|8.210. EnrollmentRequest]]
** [[#_enrollmentresponse|8.211. EnrollmentResponse]]
** [[#_episodeofcare|8.212. EpisodeOfCare]]
** [[#_episodeofcarecareteam|8.213. EpisodeOfCareCareTeam]]
** [[#_episodeofcarestatus|8.214. EpisodeOfCareStatus]]
** [[#_episodeofcarestatushistory|8.215. EpisodeOfCareStatusHistory]]
** [[#_eventtiming|8.216. EventTiming]]
** [[#_explanationofbenefit|8.217. ExplanationOfBenefit]]
** [[#_extensioncontext|8.218. ExtensionContext]]
** [[#_familyhistorystatus|8.219. FamilyHistoryStatus]]
** [[#_familymemberhistory|8.220. FamilyMemberHistory]]
** [[#_familymemberhistorycondition|8.221. FamilyMemberHistoryCondition]]
** [[#_filteroperator|8.222. FilterOperator]]
** [[#_flag|8.223. Flag]]
** [[#_flagstatus|8.224. FlagStatus]]
** [[#_goal|8.225. Goal]]
** [[#_goaloutcome|8.226. GoalOutcome]]
** [[#_goalstatus|8.227. GoalStatus]]
** [[#_group|8.228. Group]]
** [[#_groupcharacteristic|8.229. GroupCharacteristic]]
** [[#_groupmember|8.230. GroupMember]]
** [[#_grouptype|8.231. GroupType]]
** [[#_guidedependencytype|8.232. GuideDependencyType]]
** [[#_guidepagekind|8.233. GuidePageKind]]
** [[#_guideresourcepurpose|8.234. GuideResourcePurpose]]
** [[#_httpverb|8.235. HTTPVerb]]
** [[#_healthcareservice|8.236. HealthcareService]]
** [[#_healthcareserviceavailabletime|8.237. HealthcareServiceAvailableTime]]
** [[#_healthcareservicenotavailable|8.238. HealthcareServiceNotAvailable]]
** [[#_healthcareserviceservicetype|8.239. HealthcareServiceServiceType]]
** [[#_humanname|8.240. HumanName]]
** [[#_id|8.241. Id]]
** [[#_identifier|8.242. Identifier]]
** [[#_identifieruse|8.243. IdentifierUse]]
** [[#_identityassurancelevel|8.244. IdentityAssuranceLevel]]
** [[#_imagingobjectselection|8.245. ImagingObjectSelection]]
** [[#_imagingobjectselectionframes|8.246. ImagingObjectSelectionFrames]]
** [[#_imagingobjectselectioninstance|8.247. ImagingObjectSelectionInstance]]
** [[#_imagingobjectselectionseries|8.248. ImagingObjectSelectionSeries]]
** [[#_imagingobjectselectionstudy|8.249. ImagingObjectSelectionStudy]]
** [[#_imagingstudy|8.250. ImagingStudy]]
** [[#_imagingstudyinstance|8.251. ImagingStudyInstance]]
** [[#_imagingstudyseries|8.252. ImagingStudySeries]]
** [[#_immunization|8.253. Immunization]]
** [[#_immunizationexplanation|8.254. ImmunizationExplanation]]
** [[#_immunizationreaction|8.255. ImmunizationReaction]]
** [[#_immunizationrecommendation|8.256. ImmunizationRecommendation]]
** [[#_immunizationrecommendationdatecriterion|8.257. ImmunizationRecommendationDateCriterion]]
** [[#_immunizationrecommendationprotocol|8.258. ImmunizationRecommendationProtocol]]
** [[#_immunizationrecommendationrecommendation|8.259. ImmunizationRecommendationRecommendation]]
** [[#_immunizationvaccinationprotocol|8.260. ImmunizationVaccinationProtocol]]
** [[#_implementationguide|8.261. ImplementationGuide]]
** [[#_implementationguidecontact|8.262. ImplementationGuideContact]]
** [[#_implementationguidedependency|8.263. ImplementationGuideDependency]]
** [[#_implementationguideglobal|8.264. ImplementationGuideGlobal]]
** [[#_implementationguidepackage|8.265. ImplementationGuidePackage]]
** [[#_implementationguidepage|8.266. ImplementationGuidePage]]
** [[#_implementationguideresource|8.267. ImplementationGuideResource]]
** [[#_instanceavailability|8.268. InstanceAvailability]]
** [[#_instant|8.269. Instant]]
** [[#_integer|8.270. Integer]]
** [[#_issueseverity|8.271. IssueSeverity]]
** [[#_issuetype|8.272. IssueType]]
** [[#_linktype|8.273. LinkType]]
** [[#_list|8.274. List]]
** [[#_listentry|8.275. ListEntry]]
** [[#_listmode|8.276. ListMode]]
** [[#_liststatus|8.277. ListStatus]]
** [[#_location|8.278. Location]]
** [[#_locationmode|8.279. LocationMode]]
** [[#_locationposition|8.280. LocationPosition]]
** [[#_locationstatus|8.281. LocationStatus]]
** [[#_markdown|8.282. Markdown]]
** [[#_measmntprinciple|8.283. MeasmntPrinciple]]
** [[#_media|8.284. Media]]
** [[#_medication|8.285. Medication]]
** [[#_medicationadministration|8.286. MedicationAdministration]]
** [[#_medicationadministrationdosage|8.287. MedicationAdministrationDosage]]
** [[#_medicationadministrationstatus|8.288. MedicationAdministrationStatus]]
** [[#_medicationbatch|8.289. MedicationBatch]]
** [[#_medicationcontent|8.290. MedicationContent]]
** [[#_medicationdispense|8.291. MedicationDispense]]
** [[#_medicationdispensedosageinstruction|8.292. MedicationDispenseDosageInstruction]]
** [[#_medicationdispensestatus|8.293. MedicationDispenseStatus]]
** [[#_medicationdispensesubstitution|8.294. MedicationDispenseSubstitution]]
** [[#_medicationingredient|8.295. MedicationIngredient]]
** [[#_medicationorder|8.296. MedicationOrder]]
** [[#_medicationorderdispenserequest|8.297. MedicationOrderDispenseRequest]]
** [[#_medicationorderdosageinstruction|8.298. MedicationOrderDosageInstruction]]
** [[#_medicationorderstatus|8.299. MedicationOrderStatus]]
** [[#_medicationordersubstitution|8.300. MedicationOrderSubstitution]]
** [[#_medicationpackage|8.301. MedicationPackage]]
** [[#_medicationproduct|8.302. MedicationProduct]]
** [[#_medicationstatement|8.303. MedicationStatement]]
** [[#_medicationstatementdosage|8.304. MedicationStatementDosage]]
** [[#_medicationstatementstatus|8.305. MedicationStatementStatus]]
** [[#_messageheader|8.306. MessageHeader]]
** [[#_messageheaderdestination|8.307. MessageHeaderDestination]]
** [[#_messageheaderresponse|8.308. MessageHeaderResponse]]
** [[#_messageheadersource|8.309. MessageHeaderSource]]
** [[#_messagesignificancecategory|8.310. MessageSignificanceCategory]]
** [[#_meta|8.311. Meta]]
** [[#_money|8.312. Money]]
** [[#_nameuse|8.313. NameUse]]
** [[#_namingsystem|8.314. NamingSystem]]
** [[#_namingsystemcontact|8.315. NamingSystemContact]]
** [[#_namingsystemidentifiertype|8.316. NamingSystemIdentifierType]]
** [[#_namingsystemtype|8.317. NamingSystemType]]
** [[#_namingsystemuniqueid|8.318. NamingSystemUniqueId]]
** [[#_narrative|8.319. Narrative]]
** [[#_narrativestatus|8.320. NarrativeStatus]]
** [[#_nutritionorder|8.321. NutritionOrder]]
** [[#_nutritionorderadministration|8.322. NutritionOrderAdministration]]
** [[#_nutritionorderenteralformula|8.323. NutritionOrderEnteralFormula]]
** [[#_nutritionordernutrient|8.324. NutritionOrderNutrient]]
** [[#_nutritionorderoraldiet|8.325. NutritionOrderOralDiet]]
** [[#_nutritionorderstatus|8.326. NutritionOrderStatus]]
** [[#_nutritionordersupplement|8.327. NutritionOrderSupplement]]
** [[#_nutritionordertexture|8.328. NutritionOrderTexture]]
** [[#_observation|8.329. Observation]]
** [[#_observationcomponent|8.330. ObservationComponent]]
** [[#_observationreferencerange|8.331. ObservationReferenceRange]]
** [[#_observationrelated|8.332. ObservationRelated]]
** [[#_observationrelationshiptype|8.333. ObservationRelationshipType]]
** [[#_observationstatus|8.334. ObservationStatus]]
** [[#_oid|8.335. Oid]]
** [[#_operationdefinition|8.336. OperationDefinition]]
** [[#_operationdefinitionbinding|8.337. OperationDefinitionBinding]]
** [[#_operationdefinitioncontact|8.338. OperationDefinitionContact]]
** [[#_operationdefinitionparameter|8.339. OperationDefinitionParameter]]
** [[#_operationkind|8.340. OperationKind]]
** [[#_operationoutcome|8.341. OperationOutcome]]
** [[#_operationoutcomeissue|8.342. OperationOutcomeIssue]]
** [[#_operationparameteruse|8.343. OperationParameterUse]]
** [[#_order|8.344. Order]]
** [[#_orderresponse|8.345. OrderResponse]]
** [[#_orderstatus|8.346. OrderStatus]]
** [[#_orderwhen|8.347. OrderWhen]]
** [[#_organization|8.348. Organization]]
** [[#_organizationcontact|8.349. OrganizationContact]]
** [[#_parameters|8.350. Parameters]]
** [[#_parametersparameter|8.351. ParametersParameter]]
** [[#_participantrequired|8.352. ParticipantRequired]]
** [[#_participantstatus|8.353. ParticipantStatus]]
** [[#_participationstatus|8.354. ParticipationStatus]]
** [[#_patient|8.355. Patient]]
** [[#_patientanimal|8.356. PatientAnimal]]
** [[#_patientcommunication|8.357. PatientCommunication]]
** [[#_patientcontact|8.358. PatientContact]]
** [[#_patientlink|8.359. PatientLink]]
** [[#_paymentnotice|8.360. PaymentNotice]]
** [[#_paymentreconciliation|8.361. PaymentReconciliation]]
** [[#_paymentreconciliationdetail|8.362. PaymentReconciliationDetail]]
** [[#_paymentreconciliationnote|8.363. PaymentReconciliationNote]]
** [[#_period|8.364. Period]]
** [[#_person|8.365. Person]]
** [[#_personlink|8.366. PersonLink]]
** [[#_positiveint|8.367. PositiveInt]]
** [[#_practitioner|8.368. Practitioner]]
** [[#_practitionerpractitionerrole|8.369. PractitionerPractitionerRole]]
** [[#_practitionerqualification|8.370. PractitionerQualification]]
** [[#_procedure|8.371. Procedure]]
** [[#_procedurefocaldevice|8.372. ProcedureFocalDevice]]
** [[#_procedureperformer|8.373. ProcedurePerformer]]
** [[#_procedurerequest|8.374. ProcedureRequest]]
** [[#_procedurerequestpriority|8.375. ProcedureRequestPriority]]
** [[#_procedurerequeststatus|8.376. ProcedureRequestStatus]]
** [[#_procedurestatus|8.377. ProcedureStatus]]
** [[#_processrequest|8.378. ProcessRequest]]
** [[#_processrequestitem|8.379. ProcessRequestItem]]
** [[#_processresponse|8.380. ProcessResponse]]
** [[#_processresponsenotes|8.381. ProcessResponseNotes]]
** [[#_propertyrepresentation|8.382. PropertyRepresentation]]
** [[#_provenance|8.383. Provenance]]
** [[#_provenanceagent|8.384. ProvenanceAgent]]
** [[#_provenanceentity|8.385. ProvenanceEntity]]
** [[#_provenanceentityrole|8.386. ProvenanceEntityRole]]
** [[#_provenancerelatedagent|8.387. ProvenanceRelatedAgent]]
** [[#_quantity|8.388. Quantity]]
** [[#_quantitycomparator|8.389. QuantityComparator]]
** [[#_questionnaire|8.390. Questionnaire]]
** [[#_questionnairegroup|8.391. QuestionnaireGroup]]
** [[#_questionnairequestion|8.392. QuestionnaireQuestion]]
** [[#_questionnaireresponse|8.393. QuestionnaireResponse]]
** [[#_questionnaireresponseanswer|8.394. QuestionnaireResponseAnswer]]
** [[#_questionnaireresponsegroup|8.395. QuestionnaireResponseGroup]]
** [[#_questionnaireresponsequestion|8.396. QuestionnaireResponseQuestion]]
** [[#_questionnaireresponsestatus|8.397. QuestionnaireResponseStatus]]
** [[#_questionnairestatus|8.398. QuestionnaireStatus]]
** [[#_range|8.399. Range]]
** [[#_ratio|8.400. Ratio]]
** [[#_reference|8.401. Reference]]
** [[#_referralrequest|8.402. ReferralRequest]]
** [[#_referralstatus|8.403. ReferralStatus]]
** [[#_relatedperson|8.404. RelatedPerson]]
** [[#_resourcecontainer|8.405. ResourceContainer]]
** [[#_resourceversionpolicy|8.406. ResourceVersionPolicy]]
** [[#_responsetype|8.407. ResponseType]]
** [[#_restfulconformancemode|8.408. RestfulConformanceMode]]
** [[#_riskassessment|8.409. RiskAssessment]]
** [[#_riskassessmentprediction|8.410. RiskAssessmentPrediction]]
** [[#_sampleddata|8.411. SampledData]]
** [[#_sampleddatadatatype|8.412. SampledDataDataType]]
** [[#_schedule|8.413. Schedule]]
** [[#_searchentrymode|8.414. SearchEntryMode]]
** [[#_searchmodifiercode|8.415. SearchModifierCode]]
** [[#_searchparameter|8.416. SearchParameter]]
** [[#_searchparametercontact|8.417. SearchParameterContact]]
** [[#_signature|8.418. Signature]]
** [[#_simplequantity|8.419. SimpleQuantity]]
** [[#_slicingrules|8.420. SlicingRules]]
** [[#_slot|8.421. Slot]]
** [[#_slotstatus|8.422. SlotStatus]]
** [[#_specimen|8.423. Specimen]]
** [[#_specimencollection|8.424. SpecimenCollection]]
** [[#_specimencontainer|8.425. SpecimenContainer]]
** [[#_specimenstatus|8.426. SpecimenStatus]]
** [[#_specimentreatment|8.427. SpecimenTreatment]]
** [[#_string|8.428. String]]
** [[#_structuredefinition|8.429. StructureDefinition]]
** [[#_structuredefinitioncontact|8.430. StructureDefinitionContact]]
** [[#_structuredefinitiondifferential|8.431. StructureDefinitionDifferential]]
** [[#_structuredefinitionkind|8.432. StructureDefinitionKind]]
** [[#_structuredefinitionmapping|8.433. StructureDefinitionMapping]]
** [[#_structuredefinitionsnapshot|8.434. StructureDefinitionSnapshot]]
** [[#_subscription|8.435. Subscription]]
** [[#_subscriptionchannel|8.436. SubscriptionChannel]]
** [[#_subscriptionchanneltype|8.437. SubscriptionChannelType]]
** [[#_subscriptionstatus|8.438. SubscriptionStatus]]
** [[#_substance|8.439. Substance]]
** [[#_substanceingredient|8.440. SubstanceIngredient]]
** [[#_substanceinstance|8.441. SubstanceInstance]]
** [[#_supplydelivery|8.442. SupplyDelivery]]
** [[#_supplydeliverystatus|8.443. SupplyDeliveryStatus]]
** [[#_supplyrequest|8.444. SupplyRequest]]
** [[#_supplyrequeststatus|8.445. SupplyRequestStatus]]
** [[#_supplyrequestwhen|8.446. SupplyRequestWhen]]
** [[#_systemrestfulinteraction|8.447. SystemRestfulInteraction]]
** [[#_testscript|8.448. TestScript]]
** [[#_testscriptaction|8.449. TestScriptAction]]
** [[#_testscriptaction1|8.450. TestScriptAction1]]
** [[#_testscriptaction2|8.451. TestScriptAction2]]
** [[#_testscriptassert|8.452. TestScriptAssert]]
** [[#_testscriptcapability|8.453. TestScriptCapability]]
** [[#_testscriptcontact|8.454. TestScriptContact]]
** [[#_testscriptfixture|8.455. TestScriptFixture]]
** [[#_testscriptlink|8.456. TestScriptLink]]
** [[#_testscriptmetadata|8.457. TestScriptMetadata]]
** [[#_testscriptoperation|8.458. TestScriptOperation]]
** [[#_testscriptrequestheader|8.459. TestScriptRequestHeader]]
** [[#_testscriptsetup|8.460. TestScriptSetup]]
** [[#_testscriptteardown|8.461. TestScriptTeardown]]
** [[#_testscripttest|8.462. TestScriptTest]]
** [[#_testscriptvariable|8.463. TestScriptVariable]]
** [[#_time|8.464. Time]]
** [[#_timing|8.465. Timing]]
** [[#_timingrepeat|8.466. TimingRepeat]]
** [[#_transactionmode|8.467. TransactionMode]]
** [[#_typerestfulinteraction|8.468. TypeRestfulInteraction]]
** [[#_unitsoftime|8.469. UnitsOfTime]]
** [[#_unknowncontentcode|8.470. UnknownContentCode]]
** [[#_unsignedint|8.471. UnsignedInt]]
** [[#_uri|8.472. Uri]]
** [[#_use|8.473. Use]]
** [[#_uuid|8.474. Uuid]]
** [[#_valueset|8.475. ValueSet]]
** [[#_valuesetcodesystem|8.476. ValueSetCodeSystem]]
** [[#_valuesetcompose|8.477. ValueSetCompose]]
** [[#_valuesetconcept|8.478. ValueSetConcept]]
** [[#_valuesetconcept1|8.479. ValueSetConcept1]]
** [[#_valuesetcontact|8.480. ValueSetContact]]
** [[#_valuesetcontains|8.481. ValueSetContains]]
** [[#_valuesetdesignation|8.482. ValueSetDesignation]]
** [[#_valuesetexpansion|8.483. ValueSetExpansion]]
** [[#_valuesetfilter|8.484. ValueSetFilter]]
** [[#_valuesetinclude|8.485. ValueSetInclude]]
** [[#_valuesetparameter|8.486. ValueSetParameter]]
** [[#_visionbase|8.487. VisionBase]]
** [[#_visioneyes|8.488. VisionEyes]]
** [[#_visionprescription|8.489. VisionPrescription]]
** [[#_visionprescriptiondispense|8.490. VisionPrescriptionDispense]]
** [[#_xpathusagetype|8.491. XPathUsageType]]


</div>

</div>
<div id="content">

<div class="sect1">

== [[#_overview|]]1. Overview ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="paragraph">

Spring-based FHIR REST API with a little Swagger!


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_version_information|]]1.1. Version information ===

<div class="paragraph">

''Version'' : 2.0


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contact_information|]]1.2. Contact information ===

<div class="paragraph">

''Contact'' : Steffen Kory


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_license_information|]]1.3. License information ===

<div class="paragraph">

''License'' : Apache License Version 2.0<br />
''License URL'' : https://github.com/IBM-Bluemix/news-aggregator/blob/master/LICENSE<br />
''Terms of service'' : http://www-03.ibm.com/software/sla/sladb.nsf/sla/bm?Open


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_uri_scheme|]]1.4. URI scheme ===

<div class="paragraph">

''Host'' : localhost:8080<br />
''BasePath'' : /


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_paths|]]2. Resources ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_patient-controller_resource|]]2.1. Patient-controller ===

<div class="paragraph">

Patient Controller


</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_findall_1|]]2.1.1. findAll ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/Patient</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| [[#_bundle|Bundle]]
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_findbyien_1|]]2.1.2. findByIen ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/Patient/{ien}</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_parameters|]]Parameters =====

{|
! Type
! Name
! Description
! Schema
! Default
|-
| '''Path'''
| '''ien'''<br />
''required''
| Patient’s IEN
| string
| <code>&quot;67&quot;</code>
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_2|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| [[#_patient|Patient]]
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_2|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_2|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_paths|]]3. Resources ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformance-controller_resource|]]3.1. Conformance-controller ===

<div class="paragraph">

Conformance Controller


</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_getmetadata|]]3.1.1. getMetadata ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/Conformance/metadata</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_3|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| object
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_3|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_3|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_paths|]]4. Resources ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observation-controller_resource|]]4.1. Observation-controller ===

<div class="paragraph">

Observation Controller


</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_findallbypatient_1|]]4.1.1. findAllByPatient ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/Observation</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_parameters_2|]]Parameters =====

{|
! Type
! Name
! Description
! Schema
! Default
|-
| '''Query'''
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| Patient’s IEN
| string
| <code>&quot;67&quot;</code>
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_4|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| [[#_bundle|Bundle]]
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_4|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_4|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_paths|]]5. Resources ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medication-order-controller_resource|]]5.1. Medication-order-controller ===

<div class="paragraph">

Medication Order Controller


</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_createmedicationorder|]]5.1.1. createMedicationOrder ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>POST /fhir/MedicationOrder</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_parameters_3|]]Parameters =====

{|
! Type
! Name
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''Body'''
| '''medicationOrder'''<br />
''required''
| FHIR MedicationOrder
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_5|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| OK
| string
|-
| '''201'''
| Success
| string
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_5|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_5|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_findallbypatient|]]5.1.2. findAllByPatient ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/MedicationOrder</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_parameters_4|]]Parameters =====

{|
! Type
! Name
! Description
! Schema
! Default
|-
| '''Query'''
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| Patient’s IEN
| string
| <code>&quot;67&quot;</code>
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_6|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| [[#_bundle|Bundle]]
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_6|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_6|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_findbyien|]]5.1.3. findByIen ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/MedicationOrder/{ien}</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_parameters_5|]]Parameters =====

{|
! Type
! Name
! Description
! Schema
! Default
|-
| '''Path'''
| '''ien'''<br />
''required''
| Medications’s IEN
| string
| <code>&quot;67&quot;</code>
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_7|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| [[#_medicationorder|MedicationOrder]]
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_7|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_7|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_paths|]]6. Resources ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_device-metric-controller_resource|]]6.1. Device-metric-controller ===

<div class="paragraph">

Device Metric Controller


</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_findall|]]6.1.1. findAll ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/DeviceMetric</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_8|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| object
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_8|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_8|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_paths|]]7. Resources ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_object-controller_resource|]]7.1. Object-controller ===

<div class="paragraph">

Object Controller


</div>
<div class="sect3">

==== [[#_getobject|]]7.1.1. getObject ====

<div class="literalblock">

<div class="content">

<pre>GET /fhir/stub/{objectType}</pre>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_parameters_6|]]Parameters =====

{|
! Type
! Name
! Description
! Schema
! Default
|-
| '''Path'''
| '''objectType'''<br />
''required''
| FHIR Object Type
| string
| <code>&quot;patient&quot;</code>
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_responses_9|]]Responses =====

{|
! HTTP Code
! Description
! Schema
|-
| '''200'''
| Success
| object
|-
| '''401'''
| Unauthorized
| No Content
|-
| '''403'''
| Forbidden
| No Content
|-
| '''404'''
| Not Found
| No Content
|-
| '''500'''
| Failure
| No Content
|}


</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_consumes_9|]]Consumes =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json</code>


</div>

</div>
<div class="sect4">

===== [[#_produces_9|]]Produces =====

<div class="ulist">

* <code>application/json+fhir</code>


</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div class="sect1">

== [[#_definitions|]]8. Definitions ==

<div class="sectionbody">

<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_account|]]8.1. Account ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''activePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''balance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''coveragePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''currency'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''owner'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_accountstatus|AccountStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_accountstatus|]]8.2. AccountStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACTIVE, INACTIVE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_actionlist|]]8.3. ActionList ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CANCEL, POLL, REPROCESS, STATUS)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_address|]]8.4. Address ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''city'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''country'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''district'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''line'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''postalCode'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''state'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_addresstype|AddressType]]
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_addressuse|AddressUse]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_addresstype|]]8.5. AddressType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (POSTAL, PHYSICAL, BOTH)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_addressuse|]]8.6. AddressUse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (HOME, WORK, TEMP, OLD)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_age|]]8.7. Age ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''comparator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantitycomparator|QuantityComparator]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''unit'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_aggregationmode|]]8.8. AggregationMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CONTAINED, REFERENCED, BUNDLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerance|]]8.9. AllergyIntolerance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintolerancecategory|AllergyIntoleranceCategory]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''criticality'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintolerancecriticality|AllergyIntoleranceCriticality]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''lastOccurence'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''onset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reaction'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_allergyintolerancereaction|AllergyIntoleranceReaction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''recordedDate'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''recorder'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reporter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintolerancestatus|AllergyIntoleranceStatus]]
|-
| '''substance'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintolerancetype|AllergyIntoleranceType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerancecategory|]]8.10. AllergyIntoleranceCategory ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (FOOD, MEDICATION, ENVIRONMENT, OTHER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerancecertainty|]]8.11. AllergyIntoleranceCertainty ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (UNLIKELY, LIKELY, CONFIRMED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerancecriticality|]]8.12. AllergyIntoleranceCriticality ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CRITL, CRITH, CRITU)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerancereaction|]]8.13. AllergyIntoleranceReaction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''certainty'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintolerancecertainty|AllergyIntoleranceCertainty]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''exposureRoute'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''manifestation'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''onset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''severity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintoleranceseverity|AllergyIntoleranceSeverity]]
|-
| '''substance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintoleranceseverity|]]8.14. AllergyIntoleranceSeverity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (MILD, MODERATE, SEVERE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerancestatus|]]8.15. AllergyIntoleranceStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACTIVE, UNCONFIRMED, CONFIRMED, INACTIVE, RESOLVED, REFUTED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_allergyintolerancetype|]]8.16. AllergyIntoleranceType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ALLERGY, INTOLERANCE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_annotation|]]8.17. Annotation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''authorReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''authorString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''time'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_answerformat|]]8.18. AnswerFormat ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (BOOLEAN, DECIMAL, INTEGER, DATE, DATE_TIME, INSTANT, TIME, STRING, TEXT, URL, CHOICE, OPEN_CHOICE, ATTACHMENT, REFERENCE, QUANTITY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_appointment|]]8.19. Appointment ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''end'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''minutesDuration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''participant'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_appointmentparticipant|AppointmentParticipant]] &gt; array
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''slot'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''start'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_appointmentstatus|AppointmentStatus]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_appointmentparticipant|]]8.20. AppointmentParticipant ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''required'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_participantrequired|ParticipantRequired]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_participationstatus|ParticipationStatus]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_appointmentresponse|]]8.21. AppointmentResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''appointment'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''end'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''participantStatus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_participantstatus|ParticipantStatus]]
|-
| '''participantType'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''start'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_appointmentstatus|]]8.22. AppointmentStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, PENDING, BOOKED, ARRIVED, FULFILLED, CANCELLED, NOSHOW)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_assertiondirectiontype|]]8.23. AssertionDirectionType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (RESPONSE, REQUEST)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_assertionoperatortype|]]8.24. AssertionOperatorType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (EQUALS, NOT_EQUALS, IN, NOT_IN, GREATER_THAN, LESS_THAN, EMPTY, NOT_EMPTY, CONTAINS, NOT_CONTAINS)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_assertionresponsetypes|]]8.25. AssertionResponseTypes ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (OKAY, CREATED, NO_CONTENT, NOT_MODIFIED, BAD, FORBIDDEN, NOT_FOUND, METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED, CONFLICT, GONE, PRECONDITION_FAILED, UNPROCESSABLE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_attachment|]]8.26. Attachment ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contentType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''creation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''data'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''hash'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''size'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditevent|]]8.27. AuditEvent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_auditeventevent|AuditEventEvent]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''object'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_auditeventobject|AuditEventObject]] &gt; array
|-
| '''participant'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_auditeventparticipant|AuditEventParticipant]] &gt; array
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_auditeventsource|AuditEventSource]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventaction|]]8.28. AuditEventAction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (C, R, U, D, E)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventdetail|]]8.29. AuditEventDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventevent|]]8.30. AuditEventEvent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_auditeventaction|AuditEventAction]]
|-
| '''dateTime'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_auditeventoutcome|AuditEventOutcome]]
|-
| '''outcomeDesc'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''purposeOfEvent'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subtype'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventnetwork|]]8.31. AuditEventNetwork ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_auditeventparticipantnetworktype|AuditEventParticipantNetworkType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventobject|]]8.32. AuditEventObject ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_auditeventdetail|AuditEventDetail]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''lifecycle'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''query'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''securityLabel'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventoutcome|]]8.33. AuditEventOutcome ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventparticipant|]]8.34. AuditEventParticipant ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''altId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''media'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''network'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_auditeventnetwork|AuditEventNetwork]]
|-
| '''policy'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''purposeOfUse'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestor'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''userId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventparticipantnetworktype|]]8.35. AuditEventParticipantNetworkType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_auditeventsource|]]8.36. AuditEventSource ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''site'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_base64binary|]]8.37. Base64Binary ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string(byte) &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_basic|]]8.38. Basic ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_binary|]]8.39. Binary ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''contentType'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bindingstrength|]]8.40. BindingStrength ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REQUIRED, EXTENSIBLE, PREFERRED, EXAMPLE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bodysite|]]8.41. BodySite ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''image'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_attachment|Attachment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_boolean|]]8.42. Boolean ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundle|]]8.43. Bundle ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''entry'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_bundleentry|BundleEntry]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_bundlelink|BundleLink]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''signature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''total'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_bundletype|BundleType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundleentry|]]8.44. BundleEntry ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fullUrl'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_bundlelink|BundleLink]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_bundlerequest|BundleRequest]]
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]]
|-
| '''response'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_bundleresponse|BundleResponse]]
|-
| '''search'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_bundlesearch|BundleSearch]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundlelink|]]8.45. BundleLink ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''relation'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundlerequest|]]8.46. BundleRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''ifMatch'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''ifModifiedSince'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''ifNoneExist'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''ifNoneMatch'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_httpverb|HTTPVerb]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundleresponse|]]8.47. BundleResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''etag'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''lastModified'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundlesearch|]]8.48. BundleSearch ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_searchentrymode|SearchEntryMode]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''score'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_bundletype|]]8.49. BundleType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (DOCUMENT, MESSAGE, TRANSACTION, TRANSACTION_RESPONSE, BATCH, BATCH_RESPONSE, HISTORY, SEARCHSET, COLLECTION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplan|]]8.50. CarePlan ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''activity'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_careplanactivity|CarePlanActivity]] &gt; array
|-
| '''addresses'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''context'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''goal'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modified'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''participant'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_careplanparticipant|CarePlanParticipant]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''relatedPlan'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_careplanrelatedplan|CarePlanRelatedPlan]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_careplanstatus|CarePlanStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''support'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplanactivity|]]8.51. CarePlanActivity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actionResulting'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_careplandetail|CarePlanDetail]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''progress'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplanactivitystatus|]]8.52. CarePlanActivityStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NOT_STARTED, SCHEDULED, IN_PROGRESS, ON_HOLD, COMPLETED, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplandetail|]]8.53. CarePlanDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''dailyAmount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''goal'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''productCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''productReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''prohibited'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''reasonCode'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''scheduledPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''scheduledString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''scheduledTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_careplanactivitystatus|CarePlanActivityStatus]]
|-
| '''statusReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplanparticipant|]]8.54. CarePlanParticipant ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''member'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplanrelatedplan|]]8.55. CarePlanRelatedPlan ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_careplanrelationship|CarePlanRelationship]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''plan'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplanrelationship|]]8.56. CarePlanRelationship ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (INCLUDES, REPLACES, FULFILLS)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_careplanstatus|]]8.57. CarePlanStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, DRAFT, ACTIVE, COMPLETED, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claim|]]8.58. Claim ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''accident'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''accidentType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''additionalMaterials'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''condition'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''coverage'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimcoverage|ClaimCoverage]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''diagnosis'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimdiagnosis|ClaimDiagnosis]] &gt; array
|-
| '''enterer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''exception'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''facility'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''fundsReserve'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''interventionException'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimitem|ClaimItem]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''missingTeeth'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimmissingteeth|ClaimMissingTeeth]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalPrescription'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''payee'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_claimpayee|ClaimPayee]]
|-
| '''prescription'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''referral'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''school'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_claimtype|ClaimType]]
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_use|Use]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimcoverage|]]8.59. ClaimCoverage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''businessArrangement'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''claimResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''coverage'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''focal'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''preAuthRef'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''relationship'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimdetail|]]8.60. ClaimDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''factor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''net'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''points'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''service'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''subDetail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimsubdetail|ClaimSubDetail]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''udi'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''unitPrice'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimdiagnosis|]]8.61. ClaimDiagnosis ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''diagnosis'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimitem|]]8.62. ClaimItem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimdetail|ClaimDetail]] &gt; array
|-
| '''diagnosisLinkId'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''factor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''net'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''points'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''prosthesis'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_claimprosthesis|ClaimProsthesis]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''service'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''serviceDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''subSite'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''udi'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''unitPrice'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimmissingteeth|]]8.63. ClaimMissingTeeth ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extractionDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''tooth'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimpayee|]]8.64. ClaimPayee ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''person'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimprosthesis|]]8.65. ClaimProsthesis ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''initial'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''priorDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''priorMaterial'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponse|]]8.66. ClaimResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''addItem'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseadditem|ClaimResponseAddItem]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''coverage'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponsecoverage|ClaimResponseCoverage]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''disposition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''error'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseerror|ClaimResponseError]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''form'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseitem|ClaimResponseItem]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponsenote|ClaimResponseNote]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''payeeType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''paymentAdjustment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''paymentAdjustmentReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''paymentAmount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''paymentDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''paymentRef'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reserved'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''totalBenefit'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''totalCost'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''unallocDeductable'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseadditem|]]8.67. ClaimResponseAddItem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''adjudication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseadjudication3|ClaimResponseAdjudication3]] &gt; array
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponsedetail1|ClaimResponseDetail1]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fee'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''noteNumberLinkId'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequenceLinkId'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]] &gt; array
|-
| '''service'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseadjudication|]]8.68. ClaimResponseAdjudication ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseadjudication1|]]8.69. ClaimResponseAdjudication1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseadjudication2|]]8.70. ClaimResponseAdjudication2 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseadjudication3|]]8.71. ClaimResponseAdjudication3 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseadjudication4|]]8.72. ClaimResponseAdjudication4 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponsecoverage|]]8.73. ClaimResponseCoverage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''businessArrangement'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''claimResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''coverage'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''focal'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''preAuthRef'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''relationship'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponsedetail|]]8.74. ClaimResponseDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''adjudication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseadjudication1|ClaimResponseAdjudication1]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequenceLinkId'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''subDetail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponsesubdetail|ClaimResponseSubDetail]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponsedetail1|]]8.75. ClaimResponseDetail1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''adjudication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseadjudication4|ClaimResponseAdjudication4]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fee'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''service'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseerror|]]8.76. ClaimResponseError ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''detailSequenceLinkId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequenceLinkId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''subdetailSequenceLinkId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponseitem|]]8.77. ClaimResponseItem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''adjudication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseadjudication|ClaimResponseAdjudication]] &gt; array
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponsedetail|ClaimResponseDetail]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''noteNumber'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequenceLinkId'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponsenote|]]8.78. ClaimResponseNote ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''number'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimresponsesubdetail|]]8.79. ClaimResponseSubDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''adjudication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_claimresponseadjudication2|ClaimResponseAdjudication2]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequenceLinkId'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimsubdetail|]]8.80. ClaimSubDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''factor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''net'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''points'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''service'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''udi'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''unitPrice'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_claimtype|]]8.81. ClaimType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (INSTITUTIONAL, ORAL, PHARMACY, PROFESSIONAL, VISION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_clinicalimpression|]]8.82. ClinicalImpression ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''assessor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''finding'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_clinicalimpressionfinding|ClinicalImpressionFinding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''investigations'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_clinicalimpressioninvestigations|ClinicalImpressionInvestigations]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''plan'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''previous'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''problem'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''prognosis'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''protocol'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''resolved'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''ruledOut'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_clinicalimpressionruledout|ClinicalImpressionRuledOut]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_clinicalimpressionstatus|ClinicalImpressionStatus]]
|-
| '''summary'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''triggerCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''triggerReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_clinicalimpressionfinding|]]8.83. ClinicalImpressionFinding ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''cause'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_clinicalimpressioninvestigations|]]8.84. ClinicalImpressionInvestigations ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_clinicalimpressionruledout|]]8.85. ClinicalImpressionRuledOut ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_clinicalimpressionstatus|]]8.86. ClinicalImpressionStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_code|]]8.87. Code ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_codeableconcept|]]8.88. CodeableConcept ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''coding'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_coding|]]8.89. Coding ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''userSelected'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_communication|]]8.90. Communication ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''medium'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''payload'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_communicationpayload|CommunicationPayload]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''received'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''recipient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''requestDetail'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''sender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''sent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_communicationstatus|CommunicationStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_communicationpayload|]]8.91. CommunicationPayload ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contentAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''contentReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contentString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_communicationrequest|]]8.92. CommunicationRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''medium'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''payload'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_communicationrequestpayload|CommunicationRequestPayload]] &gt; array
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''recipient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''requestedOn'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''requester'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''scheduledDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''scheduledPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''sender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_communicationrequeststatus|CommunicationRequestStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_communicationrequestpayload|]]8.93. CommunicationRequestPayload ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contentAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''contentReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contentString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_communicationrequeststatus|]]8.94. CommunicationRequestStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, PLANNED, REQUESTED, RECEIVED, ACCEPTED, IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, SUSPENDED, REJECTED, FAILED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_communicationstatus|]]8.95. CommunicationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, SUSPENDED, REJECTED, FAILED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_composition|]]8.96. Composition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''attester'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_compositionattester|CompositionAttester]] &gt; array
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''class'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''confidentiality'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''custodian'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_compositionevent|CompositionEvent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''section'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_compositionsection|CompositionSection]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_compositionstatus|CompositionStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_compositionattestationmode|]]8.97. CompositionAttestationMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PERSONAL, PROFESSIONAL, LEGAL, OFFICIAL)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_compositionattester|]]8.98. CompositionAttester ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_compositionattestationmode|CompositionAttestationMode]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''party'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''time'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_compositionevent|]]8.99. CompositionEvent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_compositionsection|]]8.100. CompositionSection ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''emptyReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''entry'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''orderedBy'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''section'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_compositionsection|CompositionSection]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_compositionstatus|]]8.101. CompositionStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PRELIMINARY, FINAL, AMENDED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conceptmap|]]8.102. ConceptMap ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conceptmapcontact|ConceptMapContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''element'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conceptmapelement|ConceptMapElement]] &gt; array
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''sourceReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''sourceUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''targetReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''targetUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conceptmapcontact|]]8.103. ConceptMapContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conceptmapdependson|]]8.104. ConceptMapDependsOn ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''codeSystem'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''element'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conceptmapelement|]]8.105. ConceptMapElement ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''codeSystem'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conceptmaptarget|ConceptMapTarget]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conceptmaptarget|]]8.106. ConceptMapTarget ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''codeSystem'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''comments'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''dependsOn'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conceptmapdependson|ConceptMapDependsOn]] &gt; array
|-
| '''equivalence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''product'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conceptmapdependson|ConceptMapDependsOn]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_condition|]]8.107. Condition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''abatementBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''abatementDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''abatementPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''abatementQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_age|Age]]
|-
| '''abatementRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''abatementString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''asserter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''clinicalStatus'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dateRecorded'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''evidence'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conditionevidence|ConditionEvidence]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onsetDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''onsetPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''onsetQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_age|Age]]
|-
| '''onsetRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''onsetString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''severity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''stage'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conditionstage|ConditionStage]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''verificationStatus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_conditionverificationstatus|ConditionVerificationStatus]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conditionevidence|]]8.108. ConditionEvidence ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conditionstage|]]8.109. ConditionStage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''assessment'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''summary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conditionverificationstatus|]]8.110. ConditionVerificationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROVISIONAL, DIFFERENTIAL, CONFIRMED, REFUTED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, UNKNOWN)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conditionaldeletestatus|]]8.111. ConditionalDeleteStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NOT_SUPPORTED, SINGLE, MULTIPLE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformance|]]8.112. Conformance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''acceptUnknown'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_unknowncontentcode|UnknownContentCode]]
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancecontact|ConformanceContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''document'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancedocument|ConformanceDocument]] &gt; array
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fhirVersion'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''format'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_code|Code]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implementation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conformanceimplementation|ConformanceImplementation]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''kind'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_conformancestatementkind|ConformanceStatementKind]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''messaging'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancemessaging|ConformanceMessaging]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''rest'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancerest|ConformanceRest]] &gt; array
|-
| '''software'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conformancesoftware|ConformanceSoftware]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancecertificate|]]8.113. ConformanceCertificate ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''blob'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancecontact|]]8.114. ConformanceContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancedocument|]]8.115. ConformanceDocument ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_documentmode|DocumentMode]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceendpoint|]]8.116. ConformanceEndpoint ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''protocol'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceevent|]]8.117. ConformanceEvent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_messagesignificancecategory|MessageSignificanceCategory]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''focus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_conformanceeventmode|ConformanceEventMode]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''response'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceeventmode|]]8.118. ConformanceEventMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (SENDER, RECEIVER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceimplementation|]]8.119. ConformanceImplementation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceinteraction|]]8.120. ConformanceInteraction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_typerestfulinteraction|TypeRestfulInteraction]]
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceinteraction1|]]8.121. ConformanceInteraction1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_systemrestfulinteraction|SystemRestfulInteraction]]
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancemessaging|]]8.122. ConformanceMessaging ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''endpoint'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformanceendpoint|ConformanceEndpoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_conformanceevent|ConformanceEvent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reliableCache'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceoperation|]]8.123. ConformanceOperation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''definition'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformanceresource|]]8.124. ConformanceResource ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''conditionalCreate'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''conditionalDelete'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conditionaldeletestatus|ConditionalDeleteStatus]]
|-
| '''conditionalUpdate'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''interaction'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_conformanceinteraction|ConformanceInteraction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''readHistory'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''searchInclude'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''searchParam'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancesearchparam|ConformanceSearchParam]] &gt; array
|-
| '''searchRevInclude'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''updateCreate'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''versioning'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_resourceversionpolicy|ResourceVersionPolicy]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancerest|]]8.125. ConformanceRest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''compartment'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''interaction'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformanceinteraction1|ConformanceInteraction1]] &gt; array
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_restfulconformancemode|RestfulConformanceMode]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformanceoperation|ConformanceOperation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_conformanceresource|ConformanceResource]] &gt; array
|-
| '''searchParam'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancesearchparam|ConformanceSearchParam]] &gt; array
|-
| '''security'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conformancesecurity|ConformanceSecurity]]
|-
| '''transactionMode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_transactionmode|TransactionMode]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancesearchparam|]]8.126. ConformanceSearchParam ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''chain'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''definition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_searchmodifiercode|SearchModifierCode]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_code|Code]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancesecurity|]]8.127. ConformanceSecurity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''certificate'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_conformancecertificate|ConformanceCertificate]] &gt; array
|-
| '''cors'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''service'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancesoftware|]]8.128. ConformanceSoftware ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''releaseDate'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_conformancestatementkind|]]8.129. ConformanceStatementKind ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (INSTANCE, CAPABILITY, REQUIREMENTS)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_constraintseverity|]]8.130. ConstraintSeverity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ERROR, WARNING)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contactpoint|]]8.131. ContactPoint ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''rank'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpointsystem|ContactPointSystem]]
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpointuse|ContactPointUse]]
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contactpointsystem|]]8.132. ContactPointSystem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PHONE, FAX, EMAIL, PAGER, OTHER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contactpointuse|]]8.133. ContactPointUse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (HOME, WORK, TEMP, OLD, MOBILE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contenttype|]]8.134. ContentType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (XML, JSON)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contract|]]8.135. Contract ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''actionReason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractactor|ContractActor]] &gt; array
|-
| '''applies'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''authority'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''bindingAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''bindingReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''domain'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''friendly'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractfriendly|ContractFriendly]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''issued'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''legal'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractlegal|ContractLegal]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''rule'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractrule|ContractRule]] &gt; array
|-
| '''signer'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractsigner|ContractSigner]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subType'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''term'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractterm|ContractTerm]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''valuedItem'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractvalueditem|ContractValuedItem]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractactor|]]8.136. ContractActor ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''entity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractactor1|]]8.137. ContractActor1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''entity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractfriendly|]]8.138. ContractFriendly ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contentAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''contentReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractlegal|]]8.139. ContractLegal ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contentAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''contentReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractrule|]]8.140. ContractRule ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contentAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''contentReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractsigner|]]8.141. ContractSigner ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''party'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''signature'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractterm|]]8.142. ContractTerm ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''actionReason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractactor1|ContractActor1]] &gt; array
|-
| '''applies'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractterm|ContractTerm]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''issued'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''valuedItem'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contractvalueditem1|ContractValuedItem1]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractvalueditem|]]8.143. ContractValuedItem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''effectiveTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''entityCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''entityReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''factor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''net'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''points'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''unitPrice'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_contractvalueditem1|]]8.144. ContractValuedItem1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''effectiveTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''entityCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''entityReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''factor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''net'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''points'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''unitPrice'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_coverage|]]8.145. Coverage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bin'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contract'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dependent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''issuer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''network'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''plan'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''sequence'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''subPlan'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''subscriber'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''subscriberId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_dataelement|]]8.146. DataElement ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_dataelementcontact|DataElementContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''element'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_elementdefinition|ElementDefinition]] &gt; array
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''mapping'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_dataelementmapping|DataElementMapping]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''stringency'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_dataelementstringency|DataElementStringency]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_dataelementcontact|]]8.147. DataElementContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_dataelementmapping|]]8.148. DataElementMapping ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''comments'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''uri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_dataelementstringency|]]8.149. DataElementStringency ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (COMPARABLE, FULLY_SPECIFIED, EQUIVALENT, CONVERTABLE, SCALEABLE, FLEXIBLE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_date|]]8.150. Date ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_datetime|]]8.151. DateTime ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_daysofweek|]]8.152. DaysOfWeek ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (MON, TUE, WED, THU, FRI, SAT, SUN)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_decimal|]]8.153. Decimal ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| number
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_detectedissue|]]8.154. DetectedIssue ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicated'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''mitigation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_detectedissuemitigation|DetectedIssueMitigation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''severity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_detectedissueseverity|DetectedIssueSeverity]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_detectedissuemitigation|]]8.155. DetectedIssueMitigation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_detectedissueseverity|]]8.156. DetectedIssueSeverity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (HIGH, MODERATE, LOW)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_device|]]8.157. Device ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''expiry'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''lotNumber'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''manufactureDate'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''manufacturer'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''model'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''owner'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicestatus|DeviceStatus]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''udi'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicecomponent|]]8.158. DeviceComponent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''languageCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''lastSystemChange'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''measurementPrinciple'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_measmntprinciple|MeasmntPrinciple]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operationalStatus'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''parameterGroup'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''parent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''productionSpecification'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_devicecomponentproductionspecification|DeviceComponentProductionSpecification]] &gt; array
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicecomponentproductionspecification|]]8.159. DeviceComponentProductionSpecification ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''componentId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''productionSpec'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''specType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetric|]]8.160. DeviceMetric ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''calibration'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_devicemetriccalibration|DeviceMetricCalibration]] &gt; array
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_devicemetriccategory|DeviceMetricCategory]]
|-
| '''color'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicemetriccolor|DeviceMetricColor]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''measurementPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operationalStatus'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicemetricoperationalstatus|DeviceMetricOperationalStatus]]
|-
| '''parent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''unit'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetriccalibration|]]8.161. DeviceMetricCalibration ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''state'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicemetriccalibrationstate|DeviceMetricCalibrationState]]
|-
| '''time'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicemetriccalibrationtype|DeviceMetricCalibrationType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetriccalibrationstate|]]8.162. DeviceMetricCalibrationState ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NOT_CALIBRATED, CALIBRATION_REQUIRED, CALIBRATED, UNSPECIFIED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetriccalibrationtype|]]8.163. DeviceMetricCalibrationType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (UNSPECIFIED, OFFSET, GAIN, TWO_POINT)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetriccategory|]]8.164. DeviceMetricCategory ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (MEASUREMENT, SETTING, CALCULATION, UNSPECIFIED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetriccolor|]]8.165. DeviceMetricColor ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (BLACK, RED, GREEN, YELLOW, BLUE, MAGENTA, CYAN, WHITE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicemetricoperationalstatus|]]8.166. DeviceMetricOperationalStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ON, OFF, STANDBY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_devicestatus|]]8.167. DeviceStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (AVAILABLE, NOT_AVAILABLE, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_deviceuserequest|]]8.168. DeviceUseRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySiteCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''bodySiteReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''device'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''indication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''orderedOn'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_deviceuserequestpriority|DeviceUseRequestPriority]]
|-
| '''prnReason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''recordedOn'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_deviceuserequeststatus|DeviceUseRequestStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''timingDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''timingPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''timingTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_deviceuserequestpriority|]]8.169. DeviceUseRequestPriority ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ROUTINE, URGENT, STAT, ASAP)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_deviceuserequeststatus|]]8.170. DeviceUseRequestStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, PLANNED, REQUESTED, RECEIVED, ACCEPTED, IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, SUSPENDED, REJECTED, ABORTED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_deviceusestatement|]]8.171. DeviceUseStatement ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySiteCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''bodySiteReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''device'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''indication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''recordedOn'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''timingDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''timingPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''timingTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''whenUsed'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticorder|]]8.172. DiagnosticOrder ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_diagnosticorderevent|DiagnosticOrderEvent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_diagnosticorderitem|DiagnosticOrderItem]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''orderer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_diagnosticorderpriority|DiagnosticOrderPriority]]
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specimen'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_diagnosticorderstatus|DiagnosticOrderStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''supportingInformation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticorderevent|]]8.173. DiagnosticOrderEvent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''dateTime'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_diagnosticorderstatus|DiagnosticOrderStatus]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticorderitem|]]8.174. DiagnosticOrderItem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_diagnosticorderevent|DiagnosticOrderEvent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specimen'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_diagnosticorderstatus|DiagnosticOrderStatus]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticorderpriority|]]8.175. DiagnosticOrderPriority ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ROUTINE, URGENT, STAT, ASAP)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticorderstatus|]]8.176. DiagnosticOrderStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, DRAFT, PLANNED, REQUESTED, RECEIVED, ACCEPTED, IN_PROGRESS, REVIEW, COMPLETED, CANCELLED, SUSPENDED, REJECTED, FAILED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticreport|]]8.177. DiagnosticReport ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''codedDiagnosis'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''conclusion'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''effectiveDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''effectivePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''image'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_diagnosticreportimage|DiagnosticReportImage]] &gt; array
|-
| '''imagingStudy'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''issued'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''presentedForm'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_attachment|Attachment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''result'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specimen'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_diagnosticreportstatus|DiagnosticReportStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticreportimage|]]8.178. DiagnosticReportImage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_diagnosticreportstatus|]]8.179. DiagnosticReportStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REGISTERED, PARTIAL, FINAL, CORRECTED, APPENDED, CANCELLED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_digitalmediatype|]]8.180. DigitalMediaType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PHOTO, VIDEO, AUDIO)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_div|]]8.181. Div ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''class'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; object &gt; array
|-
| '''dir'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onclick'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''ondblclick'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onkeydown'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onkeypress'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onkeyup'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onmousedown'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onmousemove'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onmouseout'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onmouseover'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''onmouseup'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''style'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentmanifest|]]8.182. DocumentManifest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_documentmanifestcontent|DocumentManifestContent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''masterIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''recipient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''related'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_documentmanifestrelated|DocumentManifestRelated]] &gt; array
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentmanifestcontent|]]8.183. DocumentManifestContent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''pAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''pReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentmanifestrelated|]]8.184. DocumentManifestRelated ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''ref'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentmode|]]8.185. DocumentMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PRODUCER, CONSUMER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentreference|]]8.186. DocumentReference ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''authenticator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''class'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_documentreferencecontent|DocumentReferenceContent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''context'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_documentreferencecontext|DocumentReferenceContext]]
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''custodian'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''docStatus'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''indexed'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''masterIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''relatesTo'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_documentreferencerelatesto|DocumentReferenceRelatesTo]] &gt; array
|-
| '''securityLabel'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentreferencecontent|]]8.187. DocumentReferenceContent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''attachment'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''format'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentreferencecontext|]]8.188. DocumentReferenceContext ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''facilityType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''practiceSetting'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''related'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_documentreferencerelated|DocumentReferenceRelated]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sourcePatientInfo'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentreferencerelated|]]8.189. DocumentReferenceRelated ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''ref'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentreferencerelatesto|]]8.190. DocumentReferenceRelatesTo ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_documentrelationshiptype|DocumentRelationshipType]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_documentrelationshiptype|]]8.191. DocumentRelationshipType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REPLACES, TRANSFORMS, SIGNS, APPENDS)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_duration|]]8.192. Duration ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''comparator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantitycomparator|QuantityComparator]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''unit'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinition|]]8.193. ElementDefinition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''alias'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''base'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_elementdefinitionbase|ElementDefinitionBase]]
|-
| '''binding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_elementdefinitionbinding|ElementDefinitionBinding]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''comments'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''condition'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_id|Id]] &gt; array
|-
| '''constraint'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_elementdefinitionconstraint|ElementDefinitionConstraint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''defaultValueAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''defaultValueAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''defaultValueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''defaultValueBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''defaultValueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''defaultValueCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''defaultValueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''defaultValueCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''defaultValueContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''defaultValueDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''defaultValueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''defaultValueDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''defaultValueHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''defaultValueId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''defaultValueIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''defaultValueInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''defaultValueInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''defaultValueMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''defaultValueMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''defaultValueOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''defaultValuePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''defaultValuePositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''defaultValueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''defaultValueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''defaultValueRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''defaultValueReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''defaultValueSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''defaultValueSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''defaultValueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''defaultValueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''defaultValueTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''defaultValueUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''defaultValueUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''defaultValueUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|-
| '''definition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''exampleAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''exampleAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''exampleAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''exampleBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''exampleBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''exampleCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''exampleCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''exampleCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''exampleContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''exampleDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''exampleDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''exampleDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''exampleHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''exampleId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''exampleIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''exampleInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''exampleInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''exampleMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''exampleMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''exampleOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''examplePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''examplePositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''exampleQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''exampleRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''exampleRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''exampleReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''exampleSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''exampleSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''exampleString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''exampleTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''exampleTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''exampleUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''exampleUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''exampleUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fixedAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''fixedAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''fixedAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''fixedBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''fixedBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''fixedCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''fixedCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''fixedCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''fixedContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''fixedDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''fixedDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''fixedDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''fixedHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''fixedId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''fixedIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''fixedInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''fixedInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''fixedMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''fixedMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''fixedOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''fixedPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''fixedPositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''fixedQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''fixedRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''fixedRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''fixedReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''fixedSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''fixedSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''fixedString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''fixedTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''fixedTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''fixedUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''fixedUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''fixedUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''isModifier'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''isSummary'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''label'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''mapping'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_elementdefinitionmapping|ElementDefinitionMapping]] &gt; array
|-
| '''max'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''maxLength'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''maxValueAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''maxValueAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''maxValueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''maxValueBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''maxValueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''maxValueCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''maxValueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''maxValueCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''maxValueContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''maxValueDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''maxValueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''maxValueDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''maxValueHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''maxValueId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''maxValueIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''maxValueInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''maxValueInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''maxValueMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''maxValueMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''maxValueOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''maxValuePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''maxValuePositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''maxValueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''maxValueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''maxValueRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''maxValueReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''maxValueSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''maxValueSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''maxValueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''maxValueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''maxValueTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''maxValueUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''maxValueUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''maxValueUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|-
| '''meaningWhenMissing'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''min'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''minValueAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''minValueAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''minValueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''minValueBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''minValueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''minValueCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''minValueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''minValueCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''minValueContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''minValueDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''minValueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''minValueDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''minValueHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''minValueId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''minValueIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''minValueInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''minValueInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''minValueMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''minValueMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''minValueOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''minValuePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''minValuePositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''minValueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''minValueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''minValueRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''minValueReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''minValueSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''minValueSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''minValueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''minValueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''minValueTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''minValueUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''minValueUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''minValueUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|-
| '''mustSupport'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''nameReference'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''path'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''patternAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''patternAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''patternAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''patternBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''patternBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''patternCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''patternCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''patternCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''patternContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''patternDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''patternDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''patternDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''patternHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''patternId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''patternIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''patternInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''patternInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''patternMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''patternMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''patternOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''patternPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''patternPositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''patternQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''patternRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''patternRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''patternReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''patternSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''patternSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''patternString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''patternTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''patternTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''patternUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''patternUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''patternUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|-
| '''representation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_propertyrepresentation|PropertyRepresentation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''short'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''slicing'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_elementdefinitionslicing|ElementDefinitionSlicing]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_elementdefinitiontype|ElementDefinitionType]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinitionbase|]]8.194. ElementDefinitionBase ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''max'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''min'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''path'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinitionbinding|]]8.195. ElementDefinitionBinding ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''strength'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_bindingstrength|BindingStrength]]
|-
| '''valueSetReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''valueSetUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinitionconstraint|]]8.196. ElementDefinitionConstraint ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''human'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''key'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''severity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_constraintseverity|ConstraintSeverity]]
|-
| '''xpath'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinitionmapping|]]8.197. ElementDefinitionMapping ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''map'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinitionslicing|]]8.198. ElementDefinitionSlicing ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''discriminator'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''ordered'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''rules'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_slicingrules|SlicingRules]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_elementdefinitiontype|]]8.199. ElementDefinitionType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''aggregation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_aggregationmode|AggregationMode]] &gt; array
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_eligibilityrequest|]]8.200. EligibilityRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_eligibilityresponse|]]8.201. EligibilityResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''disposition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounter|]]8.202. Encounter ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''appointment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''class'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_encounterclass|EncounterClass]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''episodeOfCare'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''hospitalization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_encounterhospitalization|EncounterHospitalization]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''incomingReferral'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''indication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''length'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_duration|Duration]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_encounterlocation|EncounterLocation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''partOf'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''participant'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_encounterparticipant|EncounterParticipant]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''serviceProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_encounterstate|EncounterState]]
|-
| '''statusHistory'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_encounterstatushistory|EncounterStatusHistory]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterclass|]]8.203. EncounterClass ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (INPATIENT, OUTPATIENT, AMBULATORY, EMERGENCY, HOME, FIELD, DAYTIME, VIRTUAL, OTHER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterhospitalization|]]8.204. EncounterHospitalization ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''admitSource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''admittingDiagnosis'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''destination'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''dietPreference'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dischargeDiagnosis'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dischargeDisposition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''origin'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''preAdmissionIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''reAdmission'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''specialArrangement'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specialCourtesy'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterlocation|]]8.205. EncounterLocation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_encounterlocationstatus|EncounterLocationStatus]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterlocationstatus|]]8.206. EncounterLocationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PLANNED, ACTIVE, RESERVED, COMPLETED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterparticipant|]]8.207. EncounterParticipant ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''individual'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterstate|]]8.208. EncounterState ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PLANNED, ARRIVED, IN_PROGRESS, ONLEAVE, FINISHED, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_encounterstatushistory|]]8.209. EncounterStatusHistory ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_encounterstate|EncounterState]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_enrollmentrequest|]]8.210. EnrollmentRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''coverage'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''relationship'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_enrollmentresponse|]]8.211. EnrollmentResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''disposition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_episodeofcare|]]8.212. EpisodeOfCare ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''careManager'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''careTeam'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_episodeofcarecareteam|EpisodeOfCareCareTeam]] &gt; array
|-
| '''condition'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''managingOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''referralRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_episodeofcarestatus|EpisodeOfCareStatus]]
|-
| '''statusHistory'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_episodeofcarestatushistory|EpisodeOfCareStatusHistory]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_episodeofcarecareteam|]]8.213. EpisodeOfCareCareTeam ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''member'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_episodeofcarestatus|]]8.214. EpisodeOfCareStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PLANNED, WAITLIST, ACTIVE, ONHOLD, FINISHED, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_episodeofcarestatushistory|]]8.215. EpisodeOfCareStatusHistory ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_episodeofcarestatus|EpisodeOfCareStatus]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_eventtiming|]]8.216. EventTiming ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (HS, WAKE, C, CM, CD, CV, AC, ACM, ACD, ACV, PC, PCM, PCD, PCV)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_explanationofbenefit|]]8.217. ExplanationOfBenefit ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''disposition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_extensioncontext|]]8.218. ExtensionContext ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (RESOURCE, DATATYPE, MAPPING, EXTENSION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_familyhistorystatus|]]8.219. FamilyHistoryStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PARTIAL, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, HEALTH_UNKNOWN)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_familymemberhistory|]]8.220. FamilyMemberHistory ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''ageQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_age|Age]]
|-
| '''ageRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''ageString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''bornDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''bornPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''bornString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''condition'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_familymemberhistorycondition|FamilyMemberHistoryCondition]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''deceasedBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''deceasedDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''deceasedQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_age|Age]]
|-
| '''deceasedRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''deceasedString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''gender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''relationship'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_familyhistorystatus|FamilyHistoryStatus]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_familymemberhistorycondition|]]8.221. FamilyMemberHistoryCondition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''onsetPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''onsetQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_age|Age]]
|-
| '''onsetRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''onsetString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_filteroperator|]]8.222. FilterOperator ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_flag|]]8.223. Flag ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_flagstatus|FlagStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_flagstatus|]]8.224. FlagStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACTIVE, INACTIVE, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_goal|]]8.225. Goal ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''addresses'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_goaloutcome|GoalOutcome]] &gt; array
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''startCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''startDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_goalstatus|GoalStatus]]
|-
| '''statusDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''statusReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''targetDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''targetQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_duration|Duration]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_goaloutcome|]]8.226. GoalOutcome ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''resultCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''resultReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_goalstatus|]]8.227. GoalStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, PLANNED, ACCEPTED, REJECTED, IN_PROGRESS, ACHIEVED, SUSTAINING, ON_HOLD, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_group|]]8.228. Group ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actual'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''characteristic'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_groupcharacteristic|GroupCharacteristic]] &gt; array
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''member'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_groupmember|GroupMember]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_grouptype|GroupType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_groupcharacteristic|]]8.229. GroupCharacteristic ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''exclude'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''valueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''valueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''valueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''valueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_groupmember|]]8.230. GroupMember ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''entity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''inactive'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_grouptype|]]8.231. GroupType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PERSON, ANIMAL, PRACTITIONER, DEVICE, MEDICATION, SUBSTANCE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_guidedependencytype|]]8.232. GuideDependencyType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REFERENCE, INCLUSION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_guidepagekind|]]8.233. GuidePageKind ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PAGE, EXAMPLE, LIST, INCLUDE, DIRECTORY, DICTIONARY, TOC, RESOURCE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_guideresourcepurpose|]]8.234. GuideResourcePurpose ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (EXAMPLE, TERMINOLOGY, PROFILE, EXTENSION, DICTIONARY, LOGICAL)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_httpverb|]]8.235. HTTPVerb ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_healthcareservice|]]8.236. HealthcareService ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''appointmentRequired'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''availabilityExceptions'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''availableTime'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_healthcareserviceavailabletime|HealthcareServiceAvailableTime]] &gt; array
|-
| '''characteristic'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''coverageArea'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''eligibility'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''eligibilityNote'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extraDetails'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notAvailable'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_healthcareservicenotavailable|HealthcareServiceNotAvailable]] &gt; array
|-
| '''photo'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''programName'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''providedBy'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''publicKey'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''referralMethod'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''serviceCategory'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''serviceName'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''serviceProvisionCode'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''serviceType'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_healthcareserviceservicetype|HealthcareServiceServiceType]] &gt; array
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_healthcareserviceavailabletime|]]8.237. HealthcareServiceAvailableTime ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''allDay'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''availableEndTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''availableStartTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''daysOfWeek'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_daysofweek|DaysOfWeek]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_healthcareservicenotavailable|]]8.238. HealthcareServiceNotAvailable ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''during'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_healthcareserviceservicetype|]]8.239. HealthcareServiceServiceType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specialty'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_humanname|]]8.240. HumanName ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''family'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''given'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''prefix'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''suffix'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_nameuse|NameUse]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_id|]]8.241. Id ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_identifier|]]8.242. Identifier ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''assigner'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifieruse|IdentifierUse]]
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_identifieruse|]]8.243. IdentifierUse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (USUAL, OFFICIAL, TEMP, SECONDARY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_identityassurancelevel|]]8.244. IdentityAssuranceLevel ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (LEVEL_1, LEVEL_2, LEVEL_3, LEVEL_4)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingobjectselection|]]8.245. ImagingObjectSelection ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''authoringTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''study'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_imagingobjectselectionstudy|ImagingObjectSelectionStudy]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingobjectselectionframes|]]8.246. ImagingObjectSelectionFrames ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''frameNumbers'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingobjectselectioninstance|]]8.247. ImagingObjectSelectionInstance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''frames'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_imagingobjectselectionframes|ImagingObjectSelectionFrames]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sopClass'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingobjectselectionseries|]]8.248. ImagingObjectSelectionSeries ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''instance'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_imagingobjectselectioninstance|ImagingObjectSelectionInstance]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingobjectselectionstudy|]]8.249. ImagingObjectSelectionStudy ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''imagingStudy'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''series'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_imagingobjectselectionseries|ImagingObjectSelectionSeries]] &gt; array
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingstudy|]]8.250. ImagingStudy ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''accession'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''availability'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instanceavailability|InstanceAvailability]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''interpreter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modalityList'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''numberOfInstances'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''numberOfSeries'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''order'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''procedure'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''referrer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''series'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_imagingstudyseries|ImagingStudySeries]] &gt; array
|-
| '''started'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingstudyinstance|]]8.251. ImagingStudyInstance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_attachment|Attachment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''number'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''sopClass'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_imagingstudyseries|]]8.252. ImagingStudySeries ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''availability'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instanceavailability|InstanceAvailability]]
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''instance'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_imagingstudyinstance|ImagingStudyInstance]] &gt; array
|-
| '''laterality'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''modality'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''number'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''numberOfInstances'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''started'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''uid'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunization|]]8.253. Immunization ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''doseQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''expirationDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''explanation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_immunizationexplanation|ImmunizationExplanation]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''lotNumber'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''manufacturer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reaction'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_immunizationreaction|ImmunizationReaction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reported'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''requester'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''route'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''site'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''vaccinationProtocol'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_immunizationvaccinationprotocol|ImmunizationVaccinationProtocol]] &gt; array
|-
| '''vaccineCode'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''wasNotGiven'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationexplanation|]]8.254. ImmunizationExplanation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reasonNotGiven'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationreaction|]]8.255. ImmunizationReaction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reported'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationrecommendation|]]8.256. ImmunizationRecommendation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''recommendation'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_immunizationrecommendationrecommendation|ImmunizationRecommendationRecommendation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationrecommendationdatecriterion|]]8.257. ImmunizationRecommendationDateCriterion ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationrecommendationprotocol|]]8.258. ImmunizationRecommendationProtocol ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''authority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''doseSequence'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''series'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationrecommendationrecommendation|]]8.259. ImmunizationRecommendationRecommendation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dateCriterion'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_immunizationrecommendationdatecriterion|ImmunizationRecommendationDateCriterion]] &gt; array
|-
| '''doseNumber'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''forecastStatus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''protocol'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_immunizationrecommendationprotocol|ImmunizationRecommendationProtocol]]
|-
| '''supportingImmunization'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''supportingPatientInformation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''vaccineCode'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_immunizationvaccinationprotocol|]]8.260. ImmunizationVaccinationProtocol ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''authority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''doseSequence'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''doseStatus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''doseStatusReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''series'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''seriesDoses'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''targetDisease'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguide|]]8.261. ImplementationGuide ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''binary'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_implementationguidecontact|ImplementationGuideContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dependency'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_implementationguidedependency|ImplementationGuideDependency]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fhirVersion'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''global'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_implementationguideglobal|ImplementationGuideGlobal]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''package'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_implementationguidepackage|ImplementationGuidePackage]] &gt; array
|-
| '''page'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_implementationguidepage|ImplementationGuidePage]]
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguidecontact|]]8.262. ImplementationGuideContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguidedependency|]]8.263. ImplementationGuideDependency ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_guidedependencytype|GuideDependencyType]]
|-
| '''uri'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguideglobal|]]8.264. ImplementationGuideGlobal ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguidepackage|]]8.265. ImplementationGuidePackage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_implementationguideresource|ImplementationGuideResource]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguidepage|]]8.266. ImplementationGuidePage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''format'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''kind'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_guidepagekind|GuidePageKind]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''package'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''page'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_implementationguidepage|ImplementationGuidePage]] &gt; array
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_code|Code]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_implementationguideresource|]]8.267. ImplementationGuideResource ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''acronym'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''exampleFor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''purpose'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_guideresourcepurpose|GuideResourcePurpose]]
|-
| '''sourceReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''sourceUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_instanceavailability|]]8.268. InstanceAvailability ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ONLINE, OFFLINE, NEARLINE, UNAVAILABLE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_instant|]]8.269. Instant ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_integer|]]8.270. Integer ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| integer(int32)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_issueseverity|]]8.271. IssueSeverity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (FATAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFORMATION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_issuetype|]]8.272. IssueType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (INVALID, STRUCTURE, REQUIRED, VALUE, INVARIANT, SECURITY, LOGIN, UNKNOWN, EXPIRED, FORBIDDEN, SUPPRESSED, PROCESSING, NOT_SUPPORTED, DUPLICATE, NOT_FOUND, TOO_LONG, CODE_INVALID, EXTENSION, TOO_COSTLY, BUSINESS_RULE, CONFLICT, INCOMPLETE, TRANSIENT, LOCK_ERROR, NO_STORE, EXCEPTION, TIMEOUT, THROTTLED, INFORMATIONAL)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_linktype|]]8.273. LinkType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REPLACE, REFER, SEEALSO)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_list|]]8.274. List ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''emptyReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''entry'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_listentry|ListEntry]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_listmode|ListMode]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''orderedBy'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_liststatus|ListStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_listentry|]]8.275. ListEntry ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''deleted'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''flag'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_listmode|]]8.276. ListMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (WORKING, SNAPSHOT, CHANGES)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_liststatus|]]8.277. ListStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CURRENT, RETIRED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_location|]]8.278. Location ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''managingOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''mode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_locationmode|LocationMode]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''partOf'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''physicalType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''position'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_locationposition|LocationPosition]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_locationstatus|LocationStatus]]
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_locationmode|]]8.279. LocationMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (INSTANCE, KIND)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_locationposition|]]8.280. LocationPosition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''altitude'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''latitude'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''longitude'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_locationstatus|]]8.281. LocationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACTIVE, SUSPENDED, INACTIVE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_markdown|]]8.282. Markdown ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_measmntprinciple|]]8.283. MeasmntPrinciple ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (OTHER, CHEMICAL, ELECTRICAL, IMPEDANCE, NUCLEAR, OPTICAL, THERMAL, BIOLOGICAL, MECHANICAL, ACOUSTICAL, MANUAL)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_media|]]8.284. Media ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''deviceName'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''duration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''frames'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''height'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''subtype'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_digitalmediatype|DigitalMediaType]]
|-
| '''view'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''width'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medication|]]8.285. Medication ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''isBrand'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''manufacturer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''package'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationpackage|MedicationPackage]]
|-
| '''product'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationproduct|MedicationProduct]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationadministration|]]8.286. MedicationAdministration ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''device'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dosage'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationadministrationdosage|MedicationAdministrationDosage]]
|-
| '''effectiveTimeDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''effectiveTimePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''medicationCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''medicationReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''practitioner'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''prescription'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reasonGiven'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reasonNotGiven'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_medicationadministrationstatus|MedicationAdministrationStatus]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''wasNotGiven'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationadministrationdosage|]]8.287. MedicationAdministrationDosage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''rateRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''rateRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''route'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationadministrationstatus|]]8.288. MedicationAdministrationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, ON_HOLD, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, STOPPED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationbatch|]]8.289. MedicationBatch ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''expirationDate'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''lotNumber'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationcontent|]]8.290. MedicationContent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationdispense|]]8.291. MedicationDispense ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''authorizingPrescription'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''daysSupply'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''destination'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''dispenser'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''dosageInstruction'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_medicationdispensedosageinstruction|MedicationDispenseDosageInstruction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''medicationCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''medicationReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''receiver'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationdispensestatus|MedicationDispenseStatus]]
|-
| '''substitution'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationdispensesubstitution|MedicationDispenseSubstitution]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''whenHandedOver'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''whenPrepared'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationdispensedosageinstruction|]]8.292. MedicationDispenseDosageInstruction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''additionalInstructions'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''asNeededBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''asNeededCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''doseQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''doseRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''maxDosePerPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''rateRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''rateRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''route'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''timing'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationdispensestatus|]]8.293. MedicationDispenseStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, ON_HOLD, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, STOPPED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationdispensesubstitution|]]8.294. MedicationDispenseSubstitution ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''responsibleParty'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationingredient|]]8.295. MedicationIngredient ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationorder|]]8.296. MedicationOrder ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dateEnded'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dateWritten'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dispenseRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationorderdispenserequest|MedicationOrderDispenseRequest]]
|-
| '''dosageInstruction'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_medicationorderdosageinstruction|MedicationOrderDosageInstruction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''medicationCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''medicationReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''prescriber'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''priorPrescription'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reasonCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonEnded'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationorderstatus|MedicationOrderStatus]]
|-
| '''substitution'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationordersubstitution|MedicationOrderSubstitution]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationorderdispenserequest|]]8.297. MedicationOrderDispenseRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''expectedSupplyDuration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_duration|Duration]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''medicationCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''medicationReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''numberOfRepeatsAllowed'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''validityPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationorderdosageinstruction|]]8.298. MedicationOrderDosageInstruction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''additionalInstructions'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''asNeededBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''asNeededCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''doseQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''doseRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''maxDosePerPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''rateRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''rateRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''route'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''timing'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationorderstatus|]]8.299. MedicationOrderStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACTIVE, ON_HOLD, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, STOPPED, DRAFT)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationordersubstitution|]]8.300. MedicationOrderSubstitution ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationpackage|]]8.301. MedicationPackage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''container'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''content'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_medicationcontent|MedicationContent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationproduct|]]8.302. MedicationProduct ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''batch'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_medicationbatch|MedicationBatch]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''form'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''ingredient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_medicationingredient|MedicationIngredient]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationstatement|]]8.303. MedicationStatement ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dateAsserted'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dosage'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_medicationstatementdosage|MedicationStatementDosage]] &gt; array
|-
| '''effectiveDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''effectivePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''informationSource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''medicationCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''medicationReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reasonForUseCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonForUseReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reasonNotTaken'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_medicationstatementstatus|MedicationStatementStatus]]
|-
| '''supportingInformation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''wasNotTaken'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationstatementdosage|]]8.304. MedicationStatementDosage ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''asNeededBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''asNeededCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''maxDosePerPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''quantityQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''quantityRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''rateRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''rateRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''route'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''siteReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''timing'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_medicationstatementstatus|]]8.305. MedicationStatementStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACTIVE, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, INTENDED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_messageheader|]]8.306. MessageHeader ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''data'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''destination'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_messageheaderdestination|MessageHeaderDestination]] &gt; array
|-
| '''enterer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''receiver'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''response'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_messageheaderresponse|MessageHeaderResponse]]
|-
| '''responsible'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_messageheadersource|MessageHeaderSource]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''timestamp'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_messageheaderdestination|]]8.307. MessageHeaderDestination ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''endpoint'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_messageheaderresponse|]]8.308. MessageHeaderResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_responsetype|ResponseType]]
|-
| '''details'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_messageheadersource|]]8.309. MessageHeaderSource ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''endpoint'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''software'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_messagesignificancecategory|]]8.310. MessageSignificanceCategory ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CONSEQUENCE, CURRENCY, NOTIFICATION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_meta|]]8.311. Meta ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''lastUpdated'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''security'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''tag'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''versionId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_money|]]8.312. Money ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''comparator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantitycomparator|QuantityComparator]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''unit'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nameuse|]]8.313. NameUse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (USUAL, OFFICIAL, TEMP, NICKNAME, ANONYMOUS, OLD, MAIDEN)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_namingsystem|]]8.314. NamingSystem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_namingsystemcontact|NamingSystemContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''kind'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_namingsystemtype|NamingSystemType]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''replacedBy'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''responsible'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''uniqueId'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_namingsystemuniqueid|NamingSystemUniqueId]] &gt; array
|-
| '''usage'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_namingsystemcontact|]]8.315. NamingSystemContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_namingsystemidentifiertype|]]8.316. NamingSystemIdentifierType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (OID, UUID, URI, OTHER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_namingsystemtype|]]8.317. NamingSystemType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CODESYSTEM, IDENTIFIER, ROOT)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_namingsystemuniqueid|]]8.318. NamingSystemUniqueId ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''preferred'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_namingsystemidentifiertype|NamingSystemIdentifierType]]
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_narrative|]]8.319. Narrative ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''div'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_div|Div]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_narrativestatus|NarrativeStatus]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_narrativestatus|]]8.320. NarrativeStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (GENERATED, EXTENSIONS, ADDITIONAL, EMPTY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionorder|]]8.321. NutritionOrder ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''allergyIntolerance'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dateTime'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''enteralFormula'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_nutritionorderenteralformula|NutritionOrderEnteralFormula]]
|-
| '''excludeFoodModifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''foodPreferenceModifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''oralDiet'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_nutritionorderoraldiet|NutritionOrderOralDiet]]
|-
| '''orderer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_nutritionorderstatus|NutritionOrderStatus]]
|-
| '''supplement'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_nutritionordersupplement|NutritionOrderSupplement]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionorderadministration|]]8.322. NutritionOrderAdministration ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''rateQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''rateRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''schedule'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionorderenteralformula|]]8.323. NutritionOrderEnteralFormula ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''additiveProductName'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''additiveType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''administration'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_nutritionorderadministration|NutritionOrderAdministration]] &gt; array
|-
| '''administrationInstruction'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''baseFormulaProductName'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''baseFormulaType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''caloricDensity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''maxVolumeToDeliver'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''routeofAdministration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionordernutrient|]]8.324. NutritionOrderNutrient ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionorderoraldiet|]]8.325. NutritionOrderOralDiet ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fluidConsistencyType'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''instruction'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''nutrient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_nutritionordernutrient|NutritionOrderNutrient]] &gt; array
|-
| '''schedule'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_timing|Timing]] &gt; array
|-
| '''texture'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_nutritionordertexture|NutritionOrderTexture]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionorderstatus|]]8.326. NutritionOrderStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, DRAFT, PLANNED, REQUESTED, ACTIVE, ON_HOLD, COMPLETED, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionordersupplement|]]8.327. NutritionOrderSupplement ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''instruction'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''productName'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''schedule'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_timing|Timing]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_nutritionordertexture|]]8.328. NutritionOrderTexture ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''foodType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observation|]]8.329. Observation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''comments'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''component'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_observationcomponent|ObservationComponent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dataAbsentReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''device'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''effectiveDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''effectivePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''interpretation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''issued'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''referenceRange'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_observationreferencerange|ObservationReferenceRange]] &gt; array
|-
| '''related'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_observationrelated|ObservationRelated]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specimen'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_observationstatus|ObservationStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''valueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''valueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''valueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''valuePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''valueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''valueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''valueRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''valueSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''valueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''valueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observationcomponent|]]8.330. ObservationComponent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''dataAbsentReason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''referenceRange'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_observationreferencerange|ObservationReferenceRange]] &gt; array
|-
| '''valueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''valueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''valueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''valuePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''valueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''valueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''valueRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''valueSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''valueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''valueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observationreferencerange|]]8.331. ObservationReferenceRange ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''age'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''high'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''low'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''meaning'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observationrelated|]]8.332. ObservationRelated ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_observationrelationshiptype|ObservationRelationshipType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observationrelationshiptype|]]8.333. ObservationRelationshipType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (HAS_MEMBER, DERIVED_FROM, SEQUEL_TO, REPLACES, QUALIFIED_BY, INTERFERED_BY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_observationstatus|]]8.334. ObservationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REGISTERED, PRELIMINARY, FINAL, AMENDED, CANCELLED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR, UNKNOWN)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_oid|]]8.335. Oid ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationdefinition|]]8.336. OperationDefinition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''base'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_operationdefinitioncontact|OperationDefinitionContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''idempotent'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''instance'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''kind'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_operationkind|OperationKind]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''parameter'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_operationdefinitionparameter|OperationDefinitionParameter]] &gt; array
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_code|Code]] &gt; array
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationdefinitionbinding|]]8.337. OperationDefinitionBinding ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''strength'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''valueSetReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''valueSetUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationdefinitioncontact|]]8.338. OperationDefinitionContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationdefinitionparameter|]]8.339. OperationDefinitionParameter ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''binding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_operationdefinitionbinding|OperationDefinitionBinding]]
|-
| '''documentation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''max'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''min'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''part'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_operationdefinitionparameter|OperationDefinitionParameter]] &gt; array
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_operationparameteruse|OperationParameterUse]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationkind|]]8.340. OperationKind ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (OPERATION, QUERY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationoutcome|]]8.341. OperationOutcome ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''issue'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_operationoutcomeissue|OperationOutcomeIssue]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationoutcomeissue|]]8.342. OperationOutcomeIssue ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_issuetype|IssueType]]
|-
| '''details'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''diagnostics'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''severity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_issueseverity|IssueSeverity]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_operationparameteruse|]]8.343. OperationParameterUse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN, OUT)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_order|]]8.344. Order ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reasonCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''when'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_orderwhen|OrderWhen]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_orderresponse|]]8.345. OrderResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fulfillment'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''orderStatus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_orderstatus|OrderStatus]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''who'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_orderstatus|]]8.346. OrderStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PENDING, REVIEW, REJECTED, ERROR, ACCEPTED, CANCELLED, REPLACED, ABORTED, COMPLETED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_orderwhen|]]8.347. OrderWhen ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''schedule'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_organization|]]8.348. Organization ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''active'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_address|Address]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_organizationcontact|OrganizationContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''partOf'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_organizationcontact|]]8.349. OrganizationContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''purpose'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_parameters|]]8.350. Parameters ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''parameter'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_parametersparameter|ParametersParameter]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_parametersparameter|]]8.351. ParametersParameter ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''part'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_parametersparameter|ParametersParameter]] &gt; array
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]]
|-
| '''valueAddress'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''valueAnnotation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_annotation|Annotation]]
|-
| '''valueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''valueBase64Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''valueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''valueCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''valueCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''valueCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''valueContactPoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]]
|-
| '''valueDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''valueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''valueDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''valueElementDefinition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_elementdefinition|ElementDefinition]]
|-
| '''valueHumanName'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''valueId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''valueIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''valueInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''valueInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''valueMarkdown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_markdown|Markdown]]
|-
| '''valueMeta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''valueOid'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_oid|Oid]]
|-
| '''valuePeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''valuePositiveInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''valueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''valueRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''valueRatio'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''valueReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''valueSampledData'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_sampleddata|SampledData]]
|-
| '''valueSignature'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_signature|Signature]]
|-
| '''valueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''valueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''valueTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''valueUnsignedInt'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unsignedint|UnsignedInt]]
|-
| '''valueUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''valueUuid'''<br />
''optional''
| string(uuid)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_participantrequired|]]8.352. ParticipantRequired ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REQUIRED, OPTIONAL, INFORMATION_ONLY)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_participantstatus|]]8.353. ParticipantStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACCEPTED, DECLINED, TENTATIVE, IN_PROCESS, COMPLETED, NEEDS_ACTION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_participationstatus|]]8.354. ParticipationStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ACCEPTED, DECLINED, TENTATIVE, NEEDS_ACTION)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_patient|]]8.355. Patient ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''active'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_address|Address]] &gt; array
|-
| '''animal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_patientanimal|PatientAnimal]]
|-
| '''birthDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''careProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''communication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_patientcommunication|PatientCommunication]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_patientcontact|PatientContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''deceasedBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''deceasedDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''gender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_patientlink|PatientLink]] &gt; array
|-
| '''managingOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''maritalStatus'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''multipleBirthBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''multipleBirthInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_humanname|HumanName]] &gt; array
|-
| '''photo'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_attachment|Attachment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_patientanimal|]]8.356. PatientAnimal ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''breed'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''genderStatus'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''species'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_patientcommunication|]]8.357. PatientCommunication ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''preferred'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_patientcontact|]]8.358. PatientContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_address|Address]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''gender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''relationship'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_patientlink|]]8.359. PatientLink ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''other'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_linktype|LinkType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_paymentnotice|]]8.360. PaymentNotice ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''paymentStatus'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''response'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_paymentreconciliation|]]8.361. PaymentReconciliation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''detail'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_paymentreconciliationdetail|PaymentReconciliationDetail]] &gt; array
|-
| '''disposition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''form'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''note'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_paymentreconciliationnote|PaymentReconciliationNote]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''total'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_paymentreconciliationdetail|]]8.362. PaymentReconciliationDetail ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''amount'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_money|Money]]
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''payee'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''responce'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''submitter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_paymentreconciliationnote|]]8.363. PaymentReconciliationNote ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_period|]]8.364. Period ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''end'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''start'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_person|]]8.365. Person ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''active'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_address|Address]] &gt; array
|-
| '''birthDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''gender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_personlink|PersonLink]] &gt; array
|-
| '''managingOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_humanname|HumanName]] &gt; array
|-
| '''photo'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_personlink|]]8.366. PersonLink ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''assurance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identityassurancelevel|IdentityAssuranceLevel]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_positiveint|]]8.367. PositiveInt ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| integer
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_practitioner|]]8.368. Practitioner ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''active'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_address|Address]] &gt; array
|-
| '''birthDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''communication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''gender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''photo'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_attachment|Attachment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''practitionerRole'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_practitionerpractitionerrole|PractitionerPractitionerRole]] &gt; array
|-
| '''qualification'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_practitionerqualification|PractitionerQualification]] &gt; array
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_practitionerpractitionerrole|]]8.369. PractitionerPractitionerRole ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''healthcareService'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''managingOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''specialty'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_practitionerqualification|]]8.370. PractitionerQualification ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''issuer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedure|]]8.371. Procedure ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''complication'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''focalDevice'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_procedurefocaldevice|ProcedureFocalDevice]] &gt; array
|-
| '''followUp'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notPerformed'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''performedDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''performedPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_procedureperformer|ProcedurePerformer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reasonCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonNotPerformed'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''report'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_procedurestatus|ProcedureStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''used'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedurefocaldevice|]]8.372. ProcedureFocalDevice ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''manipulated'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedureperformer|]]8.373. ProcedurePerformer ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedurerequest|]]8.374. ProcedureRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''asNeededBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''asNeededCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_annotation|Annotation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''orderedOn'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''orderer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_procedurerequestpriority|ProcedureRequestPriority]]
|-
| '''reasonCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''scheduledDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''scheduledPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''scheduledTiming'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_procedurerequeststatus|ProcedureRequestStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedurerequestpriority|]]8.375. ProcedureRequestPriority ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (ROUTINE, URGENT, STAT, ASAP)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedurerequeststatus|]]8.376. ProcedureRequestStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (PROPOSED, DRAFT, REQUESTED, RECEIVED, ACCEPTED, IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, SUSPENDED, REJECTED, ABORTED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_procedurestatus|]]8.377. ProcedureStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, ABORTED, COMPLETED, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_processrequest|]]8.378. ProcessRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_actionlist|ActionList]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''exclude'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''include'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''item'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_processrequestitem|ProcessRequestItem]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''nullify'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''provider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''response'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_processrequestitem|]]8.379. ProcessRequestItem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''sequenceLinkId'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_processresponse|]]8.380. ProcessResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''created'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''disposition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''error'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''form'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_processresponsenotes|ProcessResponseNotes]] &gt; array
|-
| '''organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''originalRuleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''request'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestOrganization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''requestProvider'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''ruleset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_processresponsenotes|]]8.381. ProcessResponseNotes ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_propertyrepresentation|]]8.382. PropertyRepresentation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (XML_ATTR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_provenance|]]8.383. Provenance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''activity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''agent'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_provenanceagent|ProvenanceAgent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''entity'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_provenanceentity|ProvenanceEntity]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''policy'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''recorded'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''signature'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_signature|Signature]] &gt; array
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_provenanceagent|]]8.384. ProvenanceAgent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''relatedAgent'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_provenancerelatedagent|ProvenanceRelatedAgent]] &gt; array
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''userId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_provenanceentity|]]8.385. ProvenanceEntity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''agent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_provenanceagent|ProvenanceAgent]]
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''role'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_provenanceentityrole|ProvenanceEntityRole]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_provenanceentityrole|]]8.386. ProvenanceEntityRole ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (DERIVATION, REVISION, QUOTATION, SOURCE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_provenancerelatedagent|]]8.387. ProvenanceRelatedAgent ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_quantity|]]8.388. Quantity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''comparator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantitycomparator|QuantityComparator]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''unit'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_quantitycomparator|]]8.389. QuantityComparator ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnaire|]]8.390. Questionnaire ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_questionnairegroup|QuestionnaireGroup]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_questionnairestatus|QuestionnaireStatus]]
|-
| '''subjectType'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_code|Code]] &gt; array
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnairegroup|]]8.391. QuestionnaireGroup ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''concept'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnairegroup|QuestionnaireGroup]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''linkId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''question'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnairequestion|QuestionnaireQuestion]] &gt; array
|-
| '''repeats'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''required'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnairequestion|]]8.392. QuestionnaireQuestion ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''concept'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnairegroup|QuestionnaireGroup]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''linkId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''option'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''options'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''repeats'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''required'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_answerformat|AnswerFormat]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnaireresponse|]]8.393. QuestionnaireResponse ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''author'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''authored'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_questionnaireresponsegroup|QuestionnaireResponseGroup]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''questionnaire'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_questionnaireresponsestatus|QuestionnaireResponseStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnaireresponseanswer|]]8.394. QuestionnaireResponseAnswer ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnaireresponsegroup|QuestionnaireResponseGroup]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''valueAttachment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_attachment|Attachment]]
|-
| '''valueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''valueCoding'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''valueDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''valueDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''valueDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''valueInstant'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''valueInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''valueQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''valueReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''valueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''valueTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_time|Time]]
|-
| '''valueUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnaireresponsegroup|]]8.395. QuestionnaireResponseGroup ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''group'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnaireresponsegroup|QuestionnaireResponseGroup]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''linkId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''question'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnaireresponsequestion|QuestionnaireResponseQuestion]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''title'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnaireresponsequestion|]]8.396. QuestionnaireResponseQuestion ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''answer'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_questionnaireresponseanswer|QuestionnaireResponseAnswer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''linkId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnaireresponsestatus|]]8.397. QuestionnaireResponseStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, AMENDED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_questionnairestatus|]]8.398. QuestionnaireStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (DRAFT, PUBLISHED, RETIRED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_range|]]8.399. Range ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''high'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''low'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_ratio|]]8.400. Ratio ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''denominator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''numerator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantity|Quantity]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_reference|]]8.401. Reference ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''reference'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_referralrequest|]]8.402. ReferralRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dateSent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fulfillmentTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''priority'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''recipient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''requester'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''serviceRequested'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specialty'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_referralstatus|ReferralStatus]]
|-
| '''supportingInformation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_referralstatus|]]8.403. ReferralStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (DRAFT, REQUESTED, ACTIVE, CANCELLED, ACCEPTED, REJECTED, COMPLETED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_relatedperson|]]8.404. RelatedPerson ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''address'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_address|Address]] &gt; array
|-
| '''birthDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''gender'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_humanname|HumanName]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''photo'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_attachment|Attachment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''relationship'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_resourcecontainer|]]8.405. ResourceContainer ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''Account'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_account|Account]]
|-
| '''AllergyIntolerance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_allergyintolerance|AllergyIntolerance]]
|-
| '''Appointment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_appointment|Appointment]]
|-
| '''AppointmentResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_appointmentresponse|AppointmentResponse]]
|-
| '''AuditEvent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_auditevent|AuditEvent]]
|-
| '''Basic'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_basic|Basic]]
|-
| '''Binary'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_binary|Binary]]
|-
| '''BodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_bodysite|BodySite]]
|-
| '''Bundle'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_bundle|Bundle]]
|-
| '''CarePlan'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_careplan|CarePlan]]
|-
| '''Claim'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_claim|Claim]]
|-
| '''ClaimResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_claimresponse|ClaimResponse]]
|-
| '''ClinicalImpression'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_clinicalimpression|ClinicalImpression]]
|-
| '''Communication'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_communication|Communication]]
|-
| '''CommunicationRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_communicationrequest|CommunicationRequest]]
|-
| '''Composition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_composition|Composition]]
|-
| '''ConceptMap'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conceptmap|ConceptMap]]
|-
| '''Condition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_condition|Condition]]
|-
| '''Conformance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_conformance|Conformance]]
|-
| '''Contract'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contract|Contract]]
|-
| '''Coverage'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coverage|Coverage]]
|-
| '''DataElement'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_dataelement|DataElement]]
|-
| '''DetectedIssue'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_detectedissue|DetectedIssue]]
|-
| '''Device'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_device|Device]]
|-
| '''DeviceComponent'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicecomponent|DeviceComponent]]
|-
| '''DeviceMetric'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_devicemetric|DeviceMetric]]
|-
| '''DeviceUseRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_deviceuserequest|DeviceUseRequest]]
|-
| '''DeviceUseStatement'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_deviceusestatement|DeviceUseStatement]]
|-
| '''DiagnosticOrder'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_diagnosticorder|DiagnosticOrder]]
|-
| '''DiagnosticReport'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_diagnosticreport|DiagnosticReport]]
|-
| '''DocumentManifest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_documentmanifest|DocumentManifest]]
|-
| '''DocumentReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_documentreference|DocumentReference]]
|-
| '''EligibilityRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_eligibilityrequest|EligibilityRequest]]
|-
| '''EligibilityResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_eligibilityresponse|EligibilityResponse]]
|-
| '''Encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_encounter|Encounter]]
|-
| '''EnrollmentRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_enrollmentrequest|EnrollmentRequest]]
|-
| '''EnrollmentResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_enrollmentresponse|EnrollmentResponse]]
|-
| '''EpisodeOfCare'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_episodeofcare|EpisodeOfCare]]
|-
| '''ExplanationOfBenefit'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_explanationofbenefit|ExplanationOfBenefit]]
|-
| '''FamilyMemberHistory'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_familymemberhistory|FamilyMemberHistory]]
|-
| '''Flag'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_flag|Flag]]
|-
| '''Goal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_goal|Goal]]
|-
| '''Group'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_group|Group]]
|-
| '''HealthcareService'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_healthcareservice|HealthcareService]]
|-
| '''ImagingObjectSelection'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_imagingobjectselection|ImagingObjectSelection]]
|-
| '''ImagingStudy'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_imagingstudy|ImagingStudy]]
|-
| '''Immunization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_immunization|Immunization]]
|-
| '''ImmunizationRecommendation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_immunizationrecommendation|ImmunizationRecommendation]]
|-
| '''ImplementationGuide'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_implementationguide|ImplementationGuide]]
|-
| '''List'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_list|List]]
|-
| '''Location'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_location|Location]]
|-
| '''Media'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_media|Media]]
|-
| '''Medication'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medication|Medication]]
|-
| '''MedicationAdministration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationadministration|MedicationAdministration]]
|-
| '''MedicationDispense'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationdispense|MedicationDispense]]
|-
| '''MedicationOrder'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationorder|MedicationOrder]]
|-
| '''MedicationStatement'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_medicationstatement|MedicationStatement]]
|-
| '''MessageHeader'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_messageheader|MessageHeader]]
|-
| '''NamingSystem'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_namingsystem|NamingSystem]]
|-
| '''NutritionOrder'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_nutritionorder|NutritionOrder]]
|-
| '''Observation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_observation|Observation]]
|-
| '''OperationDefinition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_operationdefinition|OperationDefinition]]
|-
| '''OperationOutcome'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_operationoutcome|OperationOutcome]]
|-
| '''Order'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_order|Order]]
|-
| '''OrderResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_orderresponse|OrderResponse]]
|-
| '''Organization'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_organization|Organization]]
|-
| '''Parameters'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_parameters|Parameters]]
|-
| '''Patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_patient|Patient]]
|-
| '''PaymentNotice'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_paymentnotice|PaymentNotice]]
|-
| '''PaymentReconciliation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_paymentreconciliation|PaymentReconciliation]]
|-
| '''Person'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_person|Person]]
|-
| '''Practitioner'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_practitioner|Practitioner]]
|-
| '''Procedure'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_procedure|Procedure]]
|-
| '''ProcedureRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_procedurerequest|ProcedureRequest]]
|-
| '''ProcessRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_processrequest|ProcessRequest]]
|-
| '''ProcessResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_processresponse|ProcessResponse]]
|-
| '''Provenance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_provenance|Provenance]]
|-
| '''Questionnaire'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_questionnaire|Questionnaire]]
|-
| '''QuestionnaireResponse'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_questionnaireresponse|QuestionnaireResponse]]
|-
| '''ReferralRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_referralrequest|ReferralRequest]]
|-
| '''RelatedPerson'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_relatedperson|RelatedPerson]]
|-
| '''RiskAssessment'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_riskassessment|RiskAssessment]]
|-
| '''Schedule'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_schedule|Schedule]]
|-
| '''SearchParameter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_searchparameter|SearchParameter]]
|-
| '''Slot'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_slot|Slot]]
|-
| '''Specimen'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_specimen|Specimen]]
|-
| '''StructureDefinition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_structuredefinition|StructureDefinition]]
|-
| '''Subscription'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_subscription|Subscription]]
|-
| '''Substance'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_substance|Substance]]
|-
| '''SupplyDelivery'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_supplydelivery|SupplyDelivery]]
|-
| '''SupplyRequest'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_supplyrequest|SupplyRequest]]
|-
| '''TestScript'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscript|TestScript]]
|-
| '''ValueSet'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_valueset|ValueSet]]
|-
| '''VisionPrescription'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_visionprescription|VisionPrescription]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_resourceversionpolicy|]]8.406. ResourceVersionPolicy ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NO_VERSION, VERSIONED, VERSIONED_UPDATE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_responsetype|]]8.407. ResponseType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (OK, TRANSIENT_ERROR, FATAL_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_restfulconformancemode|]]8.408. RestfulConformanceMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CLIENT, SERVER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_riskassessment|]]8.409. RiskAssessment ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''basis'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''condition'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''mitigation'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''performer'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''prediction'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_riskassessmentprediction|RiskAssessmentPrediction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_riskassessmentprediction|]]8.410. RiskAssessmentPrediction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''outcome'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''probabilityCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''probabilityDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''probabilityRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''rationale'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''relativeRisk'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''whenPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''whenRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_sampleddata|]]8.411. SampledData ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''data'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_sampleddatadatatype|SampledDataDataType]]
|-
| '''dimensions'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_positiveint|PositiveInt]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''factor'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''lowerLimit'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''origin'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''upperLimit'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_sampleddatadatatype|]]8.412. SampledDataDataType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_schedule|]]8.413. Schedule ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''actor'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''planningHorizon'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_searchentrymode|]]8.414. SearchEntryMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (MATCH, INCLUDE, OUTCOME)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_searchmodifiercode|]]8.415. SearchModifierCode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (MISSING, EXACT, CONTAINS, NOT, TEXT, IN, NOT_IN, BELOW, ABOVE, TYPE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_searchparameter|]]8.416. SearchParameter ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''base'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_searchparametercontact|SearchParameterContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''target'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_code|Code]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''xpath'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''xpathUsage'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_xpathusagetype|XPathUsageType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_searchparametercontact|]]8.417. SearchParameterContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_signature|]]8.418. Signature ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''blob'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_base64binary|Base64Binary]]
|-
| '''contentType'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''when'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''whoReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''whoUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_simplequantity|]]8.419. SimpleQuantity ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''comparator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_quantitycomparator|QuantityComparator]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''unit'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_slicingrules|]]8.420. SlicingRules ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (CLOSED, OPEN, OPEN_AT_END)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_slot|]]8.421. Slot ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''end'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''freeBusyType'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_slotstatus|SlotStatus]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''overbooked'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''schedule'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''start'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_slotstatus|]]8.422. SlotStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (BUSY, FREE, BUSY_UNAVAILABLE, BUSY_TENTATIVE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_specimen|]]8.423. Specimen ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''accessionIdentifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''collection'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_specimencollection|SpecimenCollection]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''container'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_specimencontainer|SpecimenContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''parent'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''receivedTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_specimenstatus|SpecimenStatus]]
|-
| '''subject'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''treatment'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_specimentreatment|SpecimenTreatment]] &gt; array
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_specimencollection|]]8.424. SpecimenCollection ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''bodySite'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''collectedDateTime'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''collectedPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''collector'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''comment'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''method'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_specimencontainer|]]8.425. SpecimenContainer ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''additiveCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''additiveReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''capacity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''specimenQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_specimenstatus|]]8.426. SpecimenStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (AVAILABLE, UNAVAILABLE, UNSATISFACTORY, ENTERED_IN_ERROR)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_specimentreatment|]]8.427. SpecimenTreatment ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''additive'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''procedure'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_string|]]8.428. String ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_structuredefinition|]]8.429. StructureDefinition ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''abstract'''<br />
''required''
| boolean
|-
| '''base'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''constrainedType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_structuredefinitioncontact|StructureDefinitionContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''context'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; string &gt; array
|-
| '''contextType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_extensioncontext|ExtensionContext]]
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''differential'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_structuredefinitiondifferential|StructureDefinitionDifferential]]
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fhirVersion'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''kind'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_structuredefinitionkind|StructureDefinitionKind]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''mapping'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_structuredefinitionmapping|StructureDefinitionMapping]] &gt; array
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''snapshot'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_structuredefinitionsnapshot|StructureDefinitionSnapshot]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_structuredefinitioncontact|]]8.430. StructureDefinitionContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_structuredefinitiondifferential|]]8.431. StructureDefinitionDifferential ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''element'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_elementdefinition|ElementDefinition]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_structuredefinitionkind|]]8.432. StructureDefinitionKind ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (DATATYPE, RESOURCE, LOGICAL)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_structuredefinitionmapping|]]8.433. StructureDefinitionMapping ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''comments'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identity'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''uri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_structuredefinitionsnapshot|]]8.434. StructureDefinitionSnapshot ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''element'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_elementdefinition|ElementDefinition]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_subscription|]]8.435. Subscription ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''channel'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_subscriptionchannel|SubscriptionChannel]]
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''criteria'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''end'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_instant|Instant]]
|-
| '''error'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''reason'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_subscriptionstatus|SubscriptionStatus]]
|-
| '''tag'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_coding|Coding]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_subscriptionchannel|]]8.436. SubscriptionChannel ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''endpoint'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''header'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''payload'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_subscriptionchanneltype|SubscriptionChannelType]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_subscriptionchanneltype|]]8.437. SubscriptionChannelType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REST_HOOK, WEBSOCKET, EMAIL, SMS, MESSAGE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_subscriptionstatus|]]8.438. SubscriptionStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REQUESTED, ACTIVE, ERROR, OFF)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_substance|]]8.439. Substance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''category'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''ingredient'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_substanceingredient|SubstanceIngredient]] &gt; array
|-
| '''instance'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_substanceinstance|SubstanceInstance]] &gt; array
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_substanceingredient|]]8.440. SubstanceIngredient ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_ratio|Ratio]]
|-
| '''substance'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_substanceinstance|]]8.441. SubstanceInstance ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''expiry'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_supplydelivery|]]8.442. SupplyDelivery ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''destination'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''quantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''receiver'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_supplydeliverystatus|SupplyDeliveryStatus]]
|-
| '''suppliedItem'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''supplier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''time'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''whenPrepared'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_supplydeliverystatus|]]8.443. SupplyDeliveryStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (IN_PROGRESS, COMPLETED, ABANDONED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_supplyrequest|]]8.444. SupplyRequest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''kind'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''orderedItem'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reasonCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''source'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_supplyrequeststatus|SupplyRequestStatus]]
|-
| '''supplier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''when'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_supplyrequestwhen|SupplyRequestWhen]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_supplyrequeststatus|]]8.445. SupplyRequestStatus ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (REQUESTED, COMPLETED, FAILED, CANCELLED)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_supplyrequestwhen|]]8.446. SupplyRequestWhen ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''schedule'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timing|Timing]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_systemrestfulinteraction|]]8.447. SystemRestfulInteraction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (TRANSACTION, SEARCH_SYSTEM, HISTORY_SYSTEM)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscript|]]8.448. TestScript ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptcontact|TestScriptContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''fixture'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptfixture|TestScriptFixture]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''metadata'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptmetadata|TestScriptMetadata]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''multiserver'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''profile'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_reference|Reference]] &gt; array
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''setup'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptsetup|TestScriptSetup]]
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''teardown'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptteardown|TestScriptTeardown]]
|-
| '''test'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_testscripttest|TestScriptTest]] &gt; array
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''variable'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptvariable|TestScriptVariable]] &gt; array
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptaction|]]8.449. TestScriptAction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''assert'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptassert|TestScriptAssert]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptoperation|TestScriptOperation]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptaction1|]]8.450. TestScriptAction1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''assert'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptassert|TestScriptAssert]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptoperation|TestScriptOperation]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptaction2|]]8.451. TestScriptAction2 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''operation'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptoperation|TestScriptOperation]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptassert|]]8.452. TestScriptAssert ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''compareToSourceId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''compareToSourcePath'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''contentType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contenttype|ContentType]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''direction'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_assertiondirectiontype|AssertionDirectionType]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''headerField'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''label'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''minimumId'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''navigationLinks'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''operator'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_assertionoperatortype|AssertionOperatorType]]
|-
| '''path'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''response'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_assertionresponsetypes|AssertionResponseTypes]]
|-
| '''responseCode'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''sourceId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''validateProfileId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''warningOnly'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptcapability|]]8.453. TestScriptCapability ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''conformance'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''destination'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''required'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''validated'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptcontact|]]8.454. TestScriptContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptfixture|]]8.455. TestScriptFixture ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''autocreate'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''autodelete'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptlink|]]8.456. TestScriptLink ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptmetadata|]]8.457. TestScriptMetadata ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''capability'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptcapability|TestScriptCapability]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''link'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptlink|TestScriptLink]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptoperation|]]8.458. TestScriptOperation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''accept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contenttype|ContentType]]
|-
| '''contentType'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_contenttype|ContentType]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''destination'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''encodeRequestUrl'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''label'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''params'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requestHeader'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptrequestheader|TestScriptRequestHeader]] &gt; array
|-
| '''resource'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''responseId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''sourceId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''targetId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''type'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptrequestheader|]]8.459. TestScriptRequestHeader ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''field'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptsetup|]]8.460. TestScriptSetup ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptaction|TestScriptAction]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''metadata'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptmetadata|TestScriptMetadata]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptteardown|]]8.461. TestScriptTeardown ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptaction2|TestScriptAction2]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscripttest|]]8.462. TestScriptTest ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''action'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_testscriptaction1|TestScriptAction1]] &gt; array
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''metadata'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_testscriptmetadata|TestScriptMetadata]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_testscriptvariable|]]8.463. TestScriptVariable ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''headerField'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''path'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''sourceId'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_time|]]8.464. Time ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_timing|]]8.465. Timing ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''event'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_datetime|DateTime]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''repeat'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_timingrepeat|TimingRepeat]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_timingrepeat|]]8.466. TimingRepeat ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''boundsPeriod'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_period|Period]]
|-
| '''boundsQuantity'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_duration|Duration]]
|-
| '''boundsRange'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_range|Range]]
|-
| '''count'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''duration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''durationMax'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''durationUnits'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unitsoftime|UnitsOfTime]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''frequency'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''frequencyMax'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''period'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''periodMax'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''periodUnits'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_unitsoftime|UnitsOfTime]]
|-
| '''when'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_eventtiming|EventTiming]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_transactionmode|]]8.467. TransactionMode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NOT_SUPPORTED, BATCH, TRANSACTION, BOTH)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_typerestfulinteraction|]]8.468. TypeRestfulInteraction ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (READ, VREAD, UPDATE, DELETE, HISTORY_INSTANCE, VALIDATE, HISTORY_TYPE, CREATE, SEARCH_TYPE)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_unitsoftime|]]8.469. UnitsOfTime ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (S, MIN, H, D, WK, MO, A)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_unknowncontentcode|]]8.470. UnknownContentCode ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NO, EXTENSIONS, ELEMENTS, BOTH)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_unsignedint|]]8.471. UnsignedInt ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| integer
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_uri|]]8.472. Uri ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_use|]]8.473. Use ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (COMPLETE, PROPOSED, EXPLORATORY, OTHER)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_uuid|]]8.474. Uuid ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valueset|]]8.475. ValueSet ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''codeSystem'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_valuesetcodesystem|ValueSetCodeSystem]]
|-
| '''compose'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_valuesetcompose|ValueSetCompose]]
|-
| '''contact'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetcontact|ValueSetContact]] &gt; array
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''copyright'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''date'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''description'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''expansion'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_valuesetexpansion|ValueSetExpansion]]
|-
| '''experimental'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extensible'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_identifier|Identifier]]
|-
| '''immutable'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''lockedDate'''<br />
''optional''
| string(date)
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''publisher'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''requirements'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''status'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|-
| '''url'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''useContext'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetcodesystem|]]8.476. ValueSetCodeSystem ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''caseSensitive'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''concept'''<br />
''required''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetconcept|ValueSetConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetcompose|]]8.477. ValueSetCompose ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''exclude'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetinclude|ValueSetInclude]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''import'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_uri|Uri]] &gt; array
|-
| '''include'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetinclude|ValueSetInclude]] &gt; array
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetconcept|]]8.478. ValueSetConcept ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''abstract'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''concept'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetconcept|ValueSetConcept]] &gt; array
|-
| '''definition'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''designation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetdesignation|ValueSetDesignation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetconcept1|]]8.479. ValueSetConcept1 ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''designation'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetdesignation|ValueSetDesignation]] &gt; array
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetcontact|]]8.480. ValueSetContact ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''telecom'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_contactpoint|ContactPoint]] &gt; array
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetcontains|]]8.481. ValueSetContains ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''abstract'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''code'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''contains'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetcontains|ValueSetContains]] &gt; array
|-
| '''display'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetdesignation|]]8.482. ValueSetDesignation ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''use'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''required''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetexpansion|]]8.483. ValueSetExpansion ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contains'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetcontains|ValueSetContains]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''offset'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''parameter'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetparameter|ValueSetParameter]] &gt; array
|-
| '''timestamp'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''total'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetfilter|]]8.484. ValueSetFilter ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''op'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_filteroperator|FilterOperator]]
|-
| '''property'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetinclude|]]8.485. ValueSetInclude ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''concept'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetconcept1|ValueSetConcept1]] &gt; array
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''filter'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_valuesetfilter|ValueSetFilter]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''system'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''version'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_valuesetparameter|]]8.486. ValueSetParameter ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''name'''<br />
''required''
| string
|-
| '''valueBoolean'''<br />
''optional''
| boolean
|-
| '''valueCode'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''valueDecimal'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''valueInteger'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''valueString'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''valueUri'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_visionbase|]]8.487. VisionBase ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (UP, DOWN, IN, OUT)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_visioneyes|]]8.488. VisionEyes ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (RIGHT, LEFT)
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_visionprescription|]]8.489. VisionPrescription ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''contained'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_resourcecontainer|ResourceContainer]] &gt; array
|-
| '''dateWritten'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_datetime|DateTime]]
|-
| '''dispense'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_visionprescriptiondispense|VisionPrescriptionDispense]] &gt; array
|-
| '''encounter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_id|Id]]
|-
| '''identifier'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_identifier|Identifier]] &gt; array
|-
| '''implicitRules'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_uri|Uri]]
|-
| '''language'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_code|Code]]
|-
| '''meta'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_meta|Meta]]
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''patient'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''prescriber'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''reasonCodeableConcept'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_codeableconcept|CodeableConcept]]
|-
| '''reasonReference'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_reference|Reference]]
|-
| '''text'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_narrative|Narrative]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_visionprescriptiondispense|]]8.490. VisionPrescriptionDispense ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''add'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''axis'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_integer|Integer]]
|-
| '''backCurve'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''base'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_visionbase|VisionBase]]
|-
| '''brand'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''color'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''cylinder'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''diameter'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''duration'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_simplequantity|SimpleQuantity]]
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''eye'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_visioneyes|VisionEyes]]
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''modifierExtension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''notes'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''power'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''prism'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|-
| '''product'''<br />
''required''
| [[#_coding|Coding]]
|-
| '''sphere'''<br />
''optional''
| [[#_decimal|Decimal]]
|}


</div>
<div class="sect2">

=== [[#_xpathusagetype|]]8.491. XPathUsageType ===

{|
! Name
! Schema
|-
| '''extension'''<br />
''optional''
| &lt; [[#_extension|Extension]] &gt; array
|-
| '''id'''<br />
''optional''
| string
|-
| '''value'''<br />
''optional''
| enum (NORMAL, PHONETIC, NEARBY, DISTANCE, OTHER)
|}

<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>
<div style="page-break-after: always;">



</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>
<div id="footer">

<div id="footer-text">

Last updated 2017-01-24 18:42:40 -08:00

</div>

</div>
